No scorecard or ability to add Gps seemed to work well but even though it had the course it did not have the scorecard or even the ability to add it so it wasn't very useful for using during the round.
Don't down load it Its a boring game and the screen is so little that you can't even see what you're doing.
Paid app So I bought the game yet if I want to advance to the third season without having to complete the first two I need to pay again I changed phones, so I need to complete everything again What did I pay for if I still get ads
Connection Problem I can't ever play the game cause theirs a connection problem
Tweets take a long time to post Not sure why, whenever I use a WiFi connection, the tweets take a long time to post. The timeline gets refreshed at the same time.
EDIT BASE NEEDED  no one lesson to me...1 star
Not working Sent email havent heard back to why i am to repay for the app to work in a new car.
Bad Horrible
Can't log in UPDATE game won't let me log in for at least a week. Keep trying to log in andvevery time I tap the tap here to play screen, it generates a new start screen. Sorry to my league for not being able to log on. This sucks.
Don't work It don't work I only can tap one thing really DO NOT INSTALL THIS APP HATE THIS NONONONO DO NOT INSTALL
Don't download.   The game can't open. The first page is repeating and not open to play.
Ads Can't play one level without a add popping up before it starts or before it finishes. Rather play the fake CTR games and sacrifice the originality then play this. DON'T BOTHER GUYS, IT WON'T BE FUN.
Useless Useless game I have ever seen Just wastage of Internet Data And Time.
Months of waiting After months of playing, still no quest for stone. Maybe this is an option for paying customers I'm tired of logging in just to do the same thing everyday.
Well Son loves this game but once purchased it won't load. Please fix
Where is it
Horble it dose not even say anything when you pick up
Works ok. Not worth 6.99. Kids will loose races.. hard to win
Imprecisa Molto imprecisa...
Bad parts It's gay as he'll that you spend a g or more on parts and everything is soooo spendy so change that or give ppl more money and I will reinstall. Definitely uninstalling.
Have great GPS here but these offline don't do it for me
Not good It should have more games my niece gets bored even when she plays all of the games
No longer working My daughter used to love playing this game, but since my Samsung Galaxy tab S tablet has been updated to Lollipop, this app no longer works. It starts up, gets to the splash and then crashes....please fix
Fix the Android Lollipop Ever since I upgraded to Lollipop and the app is slow as hell, and the game freezes most of the time and I have to restart my phone... You guys really need to fix this.
Not fun In some Leal's you get stock and can't pass at all. It gets u angry. Don't install. Stooped game. Not fun and boring. Worse game ever fauvk the game. Not full version too. Fauck
Rubbish This is crap
WORSE GAME EVER HOW STUPID IS THIS GAME Hate it ever time I go on the app at always say there's an arror stupid I can't want to tell my lawyer and Sue
Ads and IAPs Full screen pop up ads right after starting app, and requests for in app payments on the main game selection screen. This is not suitable for children.
Horrible Slow. Horrible interfaces. Bus tracker is inefficient and slow. Nothing makes sense and it looks like crap. The only good this are the gautrain notifications.
Update crashed it Great game until this last update ... It did literally the opposite of what it said now it will not load at all. UPDATE.I am no longer able to press play or anything else. Uninstalled and re installed issue still there
Major glitch , incomplete Take a silver sled with a pocket rocket will not work for my galaxy 3 and many other phones please fix , can't complete star  Still doesn't work after update 
Ai reach is ridiculous The ai would be hitting me then I wouldn't be able to hit back at all this is my only problem with this game
.It isnt working anymore The game is awesome but there seems to be some problem with it seeing as it opens fine but when i choose the stage it closes. Fix this.
Its notbworking It used to work 5 stars all of the sudden i get the msg unfortuanatly dominoes stpped working, uninstalled an installed again still the same msg, pls fix it 
Yet another Marvell game that doesn't work Force close before I can get into the app. Android One M8. Would love to play it though
How do I park
Adams Always no space 
Too many adds I like the game, but can't stand all the video adds that use massive amounts of data. Can't turn it to airplane mode because I need access for work. Remove some adds and I'll 're install the game. For now, I'm uninstalling.
Levels not loading properly Level F14 feather stages doesn't actually load the 4th pig, making it so I can NEVER get 3 stars on that particular level. Please fix
I hate it If i can give 0 star for this i will. I open it and it will close by it self
Charged Twice My account statement says I was charged twice for this app. Its great, and will give 5 stars once my issue is resolved.
Worst service Booked 2 rides 10hrs in advance. Not even a single cab came. Got the driver contact details for the ride but at the last moment they said the cab is break down. If u completely depend on this cab u will be in trouble....
Problem installing Issues with kitkat and restrictions using SD card to install. Please update
It's fun but costs money to win big battles. The prices start out low for beginners and gets even more expensive the higher you get.
Do not download
Machete It wasted my time cant get anymore machetes to continue the game unless spend real cash... nah its all money money money... cant just enjoy a normal game
Crap Odds off winning are 41 percent with this strategy don't waste the time or money.
What is this this game is good but we only have thomas.we can not buy any other train,they always ask money for it.fix it than 5 stars
I liked the original I've always loved the game snake. Its one of my favorites. But I'm deleting this game because the controls are too difficult and at least for me they don't work properly.
scam i paid for the app  but now when i open it stated unlicensed n force close. what is this u tell me totally unreliable
Best Emojis ever I've tried just about all of these emojis and this collection is by far the Best 
Animal hair salon This is the best game my niece ever had she learn how to use clipers so she can cut her cousin hair
Good
User friendly. Good mix of games play daily.  like fireworks when win a game.  Thanks.
Interesting game Please player vs player i really really loved this app so cant sleep without playing itD
Works very well. Found new quicker routes to places I've been going for years
Awesome program, big up
Really fun app I love it its very fun you should buy it but there is some glitches but i rate 5 over all.
Awesome So far game has no glitches. Nice graphics, very fun. Played for over an hour first time I play, couldn't put it down. This is the only game that I have purchased, best game I have played  Hopefully no problems in the future.
Great App This app really breaks down the Bible so that it can really be understood.
Mr  Brand Pretorius I use it alot .... and happy .... if posible please ad lynx 624 x 44DT Hohold over recticke  please please please
Fun It was cool
Soopa fast Great app but it allways has my team getting beat Sort that out  there'll be another 50,000 downloading  LIVE SCORES,, 
Paid for the App, now Pay for Levels I paid 3 for this wonderful app, and I beat all the levels, Now I have to pay an extra 1 for more levels...
Great game Alot of honest fun and good design that doesn't force advertisements on you, good job Yahtzee.
Loved it PEOPLE it can't be updated it originally came out on PC
I love this game Its so fun
I love it jooo It is good beautiful
Amazing its really fun I have it on both of my devices
I really like this game only need a faster way to collect money any advice Thanks for the free game
I'm a human Shazam anyway But I still find myself needing a little extra help sometimes usually when a song I don't know is about to end
Great game Perfect little word game that you can play for a few minutes, or a few hours.
This app is supper  cool Loved it
I love this game it's great I finished all levels 180 in 3 stars  and looney cards plz. Finsh some levels with updat soon to i can play again am waiting ... Thank you 
Great time waster I've used this app mainly on road trips with friends. Its great if your ever stuck with nothing to do with a few people. Everyone seems to enjoy it.
Christian Emojis Fantastic.  3D emojis. I like I them alot. Thanks.
ramro chaina.

