Ya no I'd ur going make an app make sure it works
STUPID ADDS THE STUPID ADDS POP UP EVERY 5 SECONDS 4 THAT DUMB GAME OF WAR OTHER THAN THAT... ALL U DO IS CHASE MICE AND WHEN U DONT WANT TO BE ON TIME MODE IT PUTS U ON ANYWAYS 
WTF Needs way more detail. 1. Sun should go down at 830pm not 900am 2. Animals 3. TNT block, diamond blocks and all them rare ones 4 A mother fkin save button 5. People Planet of cubes has all, install it
I love this game. But all of a sudden it when I go play the next episode it will play the stupid ads and then it just sits on the loading page. I have to close and reopen the app every single time now. This is very frustrating. PLEASE FIX THIS ASAP
Mark Now I can't send photo n images pls fix it and no more icon
No online matchmaking Wad a shame, for such brilliant game
Disappointed Won't go past the part to enter your name Fix it or give me my money back
Cards Problem I'll give certainly give 5 stars if cards are made stylish
Suxs I live near new orleans the biggest city in Louisiana. Would think it would be available but it's not. One city available for LA. Don't waste your money. Please refund my dollar ASAP.
Still doesn't find the highest scoring words 99 of the time. Can't use with WWF.
Crash Central Another update and still the additional levels won't load.... No chance of buying the latest episode until they do...
I am disappointed with this app I thought that the app would show you how to do it but it is just YouTube videos that crash my phone. I am going to have to get ride of it.
I had it for a couple weeks then it froze up, I uninstalled it and now it won't reinstall.... Keep getting an error message... But I still get notifications... What's up with that HELP
keeps crashing
Its a nic game Giving one star because no doubt its a lovely game, but you get only Thomas engine free rest all engines you have to purchase which is ver bad n sad. Developers could have come up with free version for all series
It doesn't work. I can't get the stars to move on phone like my friends does on her phone.  Wasted the fee for this app.
Waste of time and money I need refund please
Is this thing is only a picture
Hate It This thing crashes and has terrible music.    Worthless piece of s.
No dualshock support Why can you only use Moga controls on this game Xperia z3 and dual shock go hand in hand except with your game it seems. Fix it
Crashed crashed crashed It crashes at a certain point in the game every time. Waste of money.
You have to pay Lol
HATE No password recovery for my country HATE HATE HATE 2GO NOW
This game is only trying to make money So stupid you have to pay real money for new hero's learn how to make apps rookies
Great Ok
DO NOT GET THIS APP I got this app a couple of weeks ago and it has never worked I contacted the makers and they replied once but that is it. It still does not work Very disappointed Do not get this app
Don,t like new update. Keeps bringing back puzzle previously finished.
Keeps crashing... Icons don't change I want my refund
Thought it would be good I installed this game but there is networking problem plz fix this I pretend don't download this game . fix networking problem I'll give 5 stars
Dose not work Cant get in to the game stuck on the start screen Please fix it and 5 stares for u if its fix
Won't let us enter name.would like money back you thieves. Stupid can't even play
Make it work online properly Loved it but sometimes it disconnects automatically. Try making it work with slow internet and most of the time it says no internet even on wifi or mobile data
Camera permission For real RIP Kyrell Tyler
Bakar Kitna ganda game hai ek star likhana ka liya diya es ko like larna ka liya nahi stupit
Bakwass Ver bakbass game.need to some changes
Couldn't even got inside.. no facebook I downloaded and found out it's only for facebook users. I don't have facebook then how can I use it. Deleted.  At least add google login.
Not what I wanted Ok so I downloaded this app and when I opened it the calibration was off by a lot And i couldn't see the whole screen. Not good for my android. Please make an upgrade for android. Thank u
Too simple Mainly ended up being a HOG. The few puzzle were far too simple and no interaction with characters.
Sucks This game has terrible gracious and sucks
don't have search option plz how I can search place
I think it's pretty messed up when I purchase a app, spend money and data down loading it and it doesn't work  Freezes every time my kiss plays it FIX THE PROBLEM 
   
Please fix this Amanita I am stuck on 11 of 12 Achievements because the breaking out of jail did not register. If I replay, nothing happens. Achievement still inactive.
Ads man Wow how many ads do you gotta shove down my throat  Absolutely terrible.
They just steal your money 1 per minute. How much do the girls get paided They are on their 247  Total scam
Graphics not working properly Nexus 9 Game does not present itself properly. Field is entirely black. Players and uniforms are all blacked out
Used to work just fine.  Once my android phone was updated to 5.0 the app cannot copymove any file...  A fatal flaw since I paid for an app that doesnt do anything no more.
What happened Was the best ever. Now pop up ads on every page I go to. I have to search for the page I'm at all over again coz I can't go back. And one if the pop up ads links to this very page. You officially suck now.
This is point and click call of duty. Three released in one year and a fourth coming soon. ReallyReally Don't waste your cash,this game is complete crap
Had it as well for long time They really need to fix the lollipop issue.  Phones are moving forward not in reverse. I paid, so please fix for lollipop.
Reducing 5 to 2. The course I play Willowcreek is all screwed up. I tried to fix and seemed to help. Now its screwed up again. This is Willow Creek Sun City Arizona. I think somebody is  doing it wrong can it be locked when its fixed
Average at best The 500 music theme is used throughout the entire game, seems like a rushed job, no tension with the dramatic music like the real life game, however graphics look good.   Verdict Not worth paying for im afraid. 410 for me.
STUPID There is no direction to go UNDER STUFF
Pictures in Vault Older pictures can't be moved out. Error states You SD card is full. Back to vault now  But I clearly have space for it. I tried adding new picture into it and taking it out it works, just older photos won't work. Any quick fix
Good game still get ads. I paid for it why am I getting ads.
It thinks we are in Sydney....I'm in dunedin nz.....not very good
Needs to change a bit Not fun at all. Game takes money fast then give you too little to play anything after 3 hrs of waiting.
Still freezes Love the game itself but when i go to beat pops for the second time it freezes on the kill shot. I sent an email to the developers and recived nothing back. If this scam isn't fixed soon I'll have to find a way to get a refund.
Photos in the vault disappeared Updated the app now all the photos saved in photo vault have disappeared..... Kindly help me get back my photos
To many ads I get why this game has ads but this isn't what I thought would happen I can't even go to the level screen without it popping up ads If I take the ads off, it crashes and I have to start all over
Error Error code 24
Will not open ...please refund
It worked for a few months but now it keeps shutting down Now I updated it and can no longer make any phone calls...are you kidding me
Ridiculous I cannot open this app on my Galaxy Note 2. It prompts, 'this device is not authorised to play this game'. I want a refund.
Kent This app charged me twice for one product.  What's up with this
Doesn't work I bought and installed this app on my Huawei G6 but contactless function doesn't work at all.
App is dead, no updates The developers have stopped supporting this app. It's full of bugs that will never be fixed and is a rip off to those of us who paid for the app
Don't like I very very very very very hate this game
Piece of junk Do not buy if you have a note 4. Give me a refund
Shut the ads up OK, I understand the need for ads to pay for the game but there's no way to mute their juvenile music. That makes the game embarassing to play in a public place.
3rd class game. 3rd class game...
Awesome
Worth of money I can still use for anything i want FREE version. I've installed it because i wanted to restore one unsupported file but I didn't know i can use PC app.
Bad Just use a wired USB mic the app makes the game unplayable from the audio delay.
It takes to long to download
Doesnt allow exporting data Expected to save files and export since this is a paid version. What a disappointment Other apps can much more for a similar price. Also takes ages to get connected to the device.
Sucks Crashes like hell and won't let you post if does not feel like it  . Complete garbage
Won't let me play When I click play game it shows me Help Wanted and it loads and puts me in my home screen... REALLY Plus I am not scared of 5 nights at Freddy's l
Crash Everytime after finishing the race, it crashed on my zenfone 2. I want a refund please
No sound Please fix this. HTC One M8
I hate it I can't get past the privet polecey  mabby if you change that I will rate it a five stars I would say I like playing this game but since I never got to play it I rather not if you make that improvement I mite install it agein
Hate it
Worst app ever.no use No point of downloading it.waste of battery.waste of time.DO NOT DOWNLOAD
Still keeps crashing I know you guys updated the app twice within 23 days. I was promised a fix by the 4.12.4 update, but that didn't work. I'm now on the 4.12.5 version, but it still crashes on start up on my Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge.
Unfortunately, it has stopped unexpectedly... I loved this game N0w I can't play it and I updated like they asked and this is what I get
British centred questions I am buying in Ireland but all questions are Brit  centred. Also, when I saw this I wanted to return it and get refund but option was not visible.
Cannot use Insure app after update After last update app doesn't recognize me or allow me to refresh register.
Boring So it's boring basically
What does it do I do not want this social network, but it is practically impossible to eliminate it from Android.
Dumb You can just repeatedly press the same key and it plays the song,I'm gonna uninstall this app  gt
I don't even know though I mean, it COULD have been fun. But the ad at the bottom of the screen kinda covered my shootpunch button, probably something under the ad that could have helped me drive the car too, but I wouldnt install again
Crap Doesn't work... though gps mandatory on... half star
Its lacking Only thing that good about this app is that its Chica, but nothing really works well and its boring
Stole Money THIS GAME WILL STEAL YOUR MONEY. Decided to buy the Unlock Everything packet and it took my money and unlocked NOTHING.
GARBAGE Don't waste your time on this unplayable game. Every time I even open it, the user interface stacks up on itself, So I Cant Even See The Screen. Broken app won't go 3 seconds without glitching up
Canadian Holiday's Bus times do not reflect Canadian holidays. All the arrival and departure times are incorrect.
Worst App This is one of the worst app I have seen in my life. Performance is worst and full of ads at every step
Disappointed Should have read the comments first...put it on Xperia z...cant play even one round  atm dont bother
It's not working Omg it was ma favourite game... After the Last updated it's not working please do something... Otherwise I will go crazy..                                                      Still u can't fix it
This is so not appropriete fir children in the volleyball one the guys privates are dangling out. My little 5 year old cousin was playing this and she asked me what that was. Try explaining that one to a 5 year old without traumatizing them.
Rubish app Used to luv it. Now it won't work on my note 4 . Can't load seating plan.
Very irritaing Ads cover the page and irrevlant
Exelent app This app can make safe driving and protect life
Sweet baby girl summer fun They only give you one
Fails to mention that it finished on the 31st May Real struggle to find this out until after it was purchased and stood in a location with no shaun
Doesn't work on androids Saw the magic on an iPhone. Bought a couple coloring books and tried with my Galaxy Note and nothing happens. Disappointed kids....especially after seeing it work on an iPhone.
Badd Very bad
The business is GREAT The app is horrible to be honest too long to try getting done at first...... moves very SHOW.... eventually I did it.... and the service was great....App still need more work in my pinion
Just constantly crashing Really enjoy the game when it works but just freezes up to often. Takes away from the enjoyment of the game. Using a Samsung Galaxy S5 lollipop update.
not convinced if this app requires android 4.3 an up, then why does it not work on android 4.4.4 devices When you call vitality drive, they say the device is not compatible, how is it not compatible I don't understand
Does not work on latest Android M preview I have been using this app since about 7 years, it seemed the purpose. But ever since i updated to Android M preview is not loading. Please fix it. You will get 5 stars.
Developer is begger Every 10 second  advertisement stop begging anyway uninstalling
Lack of features There is better gun apps out there.  There is no safety or manual  reloading.  Solid app but lacks the full steps of loading  a gun
Definitely shows it's roots... This is a port of an old Flash game, and it definitely shows in the graphics. Also, it gets very monotonous very quickly.
Ummmm... This dose not make sense.I mean like it's weird and it's a mimic of minecraft but wierder.Thats all I have to say...OOI wish I can rate it zero star's.
Garbage Don't waste your time downloading. Only part of the menu items even show up and is overall uneasy to use.
Delete Well its just black every time i try opening it and I had some good beats to it but seems like you guys don't bother fixing amything rate 1 this is just bad
Needs fixing My talking bubbles wont work when i click on them they wont work. Slow and needs to be improved.
Fix it Please fix it can't record when Bluetooth is connected. U guys keep messing up a wonderful app
Cheap scam This is a cheap app which tries to trick your child into buying or installing other apps.
I hate it so much I just want to scream
Keeps closing saying unfortunately maps has stopped working Can't do anything, always crashes
Angry parent It was fun but it stopped playing and some activities cannot be unlocked Do not download this crap
OK to start,  nothing more. Game seemed decent,  but after around level 14 or so it decided I can't play without registering an account. Was decent for 30 min, that's it
Bring back old cp I will wreck your offices and show you memories of old cp I loved it so much next day I woke up and it was all changed and again bring it back I will be sending you in to the past Disney Love it never gonna stop playing
rubbish i wasted a dollar on this rubbishware as i didn't check it out within 15 minutes of installing it. now that i see what trash this is, i sure wish that i had done so  i'd sure as heck get my refund lol
Don't install it Very bad game don't install it
Data theft Check permissions before downloading. Why does it need to know what calls i make
No What is the the point of paying 2 pound when you can get real mine craft please let me save my work then I'll give you 5 stars
Was fun Seems like after update you win 1 out of 100 spins.... which isn't enough money.... and I refuse to pay real money for fake money.... still nice concept though
Fruit nothing I click on the game, it opens, I chose the game, and nothing. It opens but I can't move a thing. I tried sliding the fruit, clicking it and then clicking where it needs to go and it will not move. Is there a secret to it 
Unbearably laggy Inexcusable performance, lag makes entire game unplayable. Nvidia Shield tablet
Doesn't work Stock lollipop nexus 7 2013. Will not open at all, needs an update.
Adds galore Whatta shame. Looks like a good app. Shame that the pop ups wlways interrupt.
Hate it It was not unlocked next level and it was boring game
App going downhill Every call I make spawns multiple recordings on this app now. Sometimes it record sometimes it doesn't but a 30 minute phone call will have multiple Recordings most with nothing in them sucks now
Hybrid app and looks like it. Webview flickers. The touch isn't natural. Could do much much better.
Inaccurate 80 I know its not easy to predict the weather, but it changes every other min, and seems like yalls guess is as a good as mine.
It was so good before. I uninstalled before. Now that i reinstalled it I can't restore my purchase and there are no keyboard sounds when I tap the screen during songs. The game just turned dull and uninteresting now. Please fix these issues.
WHAT THE FK..... it's a very good and interesting game but.....only 6 free levels and then you have to pay rs 249 to play rest 19 levels.
Won't work Sound but no picture, realised too late for a refund
Love this game, but I recently got a new phone and even though I'm signed in it won't take me to the levels I was at before. Wtf
Suck we u play single player
Can't find city in Florida Uninstalled
Not good Nim buzz some times crashed and it don't work.my mean is most if the time
71715 Update. This game is wonderful. But the recent update has caused some problems. I can't log in. And it keeps saying that I need to try again when my network connection is stable. Please fix this problem as soon as possible.
The graphics stink like turds yeah poop rules
The balls touching each other Hate it
Can't receive calls I can make calls.  I CANNOT receive calls.  Also, the number that is programmed on the app is a Malaysia phone number.  When I make a call, it's a Florida number.  Why, why does it have to be so difficult
Huge file, quick game The file size is way too large for a game so quick and simple. It its fun enough, but playing to 1M if practically pointless and 2M shouldn't be the most. Add 3 to 5 for at least another star.
It crashes all the time
No love it This game sucks
Bug Keeped flickering to a blank gray screen an will no longer mark either  x  or o . Froze
Crashes upon opening Please help Game looks so fun and i purchased it, but every time i try to open it, the game immediately crashes
Critical error License check error every time I paid for this, please fix
There's no controls plus they do what they want do not download or spend money on this 
New Version Is Useless Limited Function Bring back the old one
Love the game BUT..... Love the always will but theirs no obvious way to mute sounds I like to listen to alot of podcast while I play this is impossible as far as I can see currently
Payment failed You should consider linking to Google Wallet
Don't get it It is the worst game that I have played it doesn't even let u play it properly. Like u start then it just gets u through the games level plus it has so much adds so u can't even see half of the letters so do NOT get it.seriously.
Waste of time Its totally a waste of time game I don't know y u make such a games and waste your time too guys pls don't waste your time in this type of games
So many apps Like your all apps but all separate apps use too much space and cpu,please bundle these all cm family apps in one single app only
Doesn't work on my note 4
Love the app but Loved the demo, completely sold me on an incredibly glitchy 1.50. Kinda disappointed.
cant upload it 
Doesn't work Can't transfer data at all
Nothing shows, says no internet connection Usinga a high speed network but app shows everywhere that i dont have net connection or wifi...
Not for children younger than 4
After update my daily challenge don't update , just shows problems to connect to internet. Annoying. Says I got 20 corns for playing, buts adds 0
  .. The worst Shredder version for android..ChessGenius is 100 times BETTER.    2011..   ..     ,     .    .
Hated it
Fails on the most basic task ... which is to display comics, because the screen keeps turning off while reading. Which makes the app mostly unusable unless you enjoy manually activating the screen every few seconds.
Bugfull Lot of bug exist in the game..also screen size is not aligned. Please update bug free virson...
Won't download
Where is Everest Bought this for my daughter as she loves Everest, it says it is there but where Happy to change review when that part of the app is there
Accelerometer problems Funish game with great graphics, but the accelerometer will flip mid game for no reason. Entirely frustrating and disappointing. Ruins the experience.
Try Too many adds. Stuck on level, 100 boring
Losing when I'm winning... Make no sense how in tournaments when I'm leading I end up losing and lose ALL of my tokens. I play my cars right, I get rid of All the big cards and still lose Yeah this game is RIGGED
Can't play on my Samsung galaxy pro tab 3 Freezes at 20 and won't load
Very nice Mujhe math bor lagata Han lekin yah APS achha hain
QR code scanner Will not work would not even let me scan the QR codesI tried to scan a  Pokmon QR code but it still would not work
Sonic runs way too fast. I can't explore the upper parts of the level cause sonic is running so fast, I have no time to figure out a way up there. The game is a big blur
Good game but ... I wish you could make it so you can play online with other people for coins  and to have guidelines
Ad packed annoyance 1 long as before apple actually opens.  2 ads per level... Annoying. Uninstalled.
love it when it works The last couple months the server has been playing up a lot and there has been constant disconnections from games.  Extremely frustrating when u can't connect back to the same game. Fix connection crashes.
My god, this game wont download it says insufficient space on external storage. Does the same for other Gameloft games.
Crash crash crash Crashes more than an icey freeway in a fog Thumbs down
7192015 update still crashed IT STILL won't even open please fix I am on android 5.0 on a galaxy S5 it was so great but now it just keeps crashing
Wish more stuff do on here
No work Tootely west mb
Waste of space 4 freaking mb on my phone taken by this app no one download it itz terrible
Disappointing Monotonous and dry. Strategy often takes back seat to simple luck..
What's with your seating configuration It's not loading. Big inconvenience App sucks
The worst game I hated  they don't  even have good cars plus every single time I play it a car bumps into me . so you better  not install it
Stupid and disappointing Awful awful story. The actual puzzle solving is good but the end is just so disappointing, as I I can't believe that's it with many expletives thrown in.  Should have saved my money. Good app if it was free.
Nope Doesn't work on my tv and the app pops up with ads that you have to click just to get them off the screen. Not worth your time
Spider solitaire Cards are too hard to move
I need a refund I wasted all of my Google play money for an app I can't even install bs
Sucks Lock me out of my phone is due stupid , oh wait  just said  error enabling LOCK OUT now can't get in it also shocks me when I try to unlock it ...OUCH 
THE UPDATE It CAN'T LOAD ANY PICTURES DUE TO THE UPDATE  HOW PLEASE AT LEAST ATEMPT TO FIX YOUR ISSUES IN THE UPDATE, HORRID UPDATE DEVELOPERS, HORRID
Uhh... How 2 open it  It isnt playing........
I will go to 5 stars if you can answer this I had 5 millon 20 coins as saving to get gold ninja, but the next day, TODAY I CHECKED AMD ONLY HAD 2 MILLION WTF
Its okay nothing worth talking about Will see if it gets better, graphics suck, pointer sticks a times
Crashing simulator Okie.... I need help. Its selling my equipped items And crashes  Crashes every time... Please fix I believe in you guys If I can't sell my items makes me not want to play it even if its the best game on market...
Stuck Stuck on level 10 who is that
Ads, ads.... No go
Avinstallerer seg selv Programmet avinstallerer seg selv hele tiden.
Not good The game sucked
It keeps foreclosing after every phase. I didn't pay my money just for it to foreclose every phase. Five,stars,when fixed
Does not work on Nexus 6
Not working I press on the game icon and it doesn't want to work it keeps on going back to my home screen hope I don't lose my pets and house's
Read What is the use of without address or mobile number
Used to be great now dosen't work Was a big fan of br but the app has stopped opening. Everytime it says no internet. And when it does work1out of 10 times the comments wont load. Please fix this br.
Not working when downloaded My sister plays this game not me. I just came from downloading it now and it says singstar mic has stopped.                                    It makes her ANGRY
Falltu Holy waste of time
Sucks
cheap n best
The  time  is  very  less  and  pronunciation  is  bad
Very poor. Not good on Oppo N3 5.5 screen, glitches a lot. Graphics are poor.
Doesn't open Throws a marmalade error for opengllt and hangs on the Sims beginning screen. Wish I could get a refund.
Too unreliable Wasn't too bad to start with, but I've had enough of the tiles jumping around and leaving me having a forfeit when the timer runs out. Uninstalling it
Rip off Credit info is missing and outdated. My report didn't have account payment history for the last 4 months... how does that help Plus my contact details and employment history are 5 years out of date I want my money back
Almost perfect. I can't seem to find an option for left handed players. Bummer.
Not opening It doesn't work at all.all it does is open then closes
Won't load It was fine before the latest update but now won't load at all. I would really hate to delete the app because it was working so perfectly before.
Bad connection Free call to US yes free but most of it go to Voice mail .everyday tried to call but no luck always recording voice mail .The bad signal lost  connection  when in BTW  the call  .Frustrating everytime  call .
the latest update causes the phone to crash when dropping hats fix these issues please
Can't login Useless app, can't login even after resetting my password.
Favorite Love this free cell All others I tried have a clumsy interface. They also make it too hard to win. So glad I found this one.
Sweet girl Why do we need to pay money for the stores
Could be much better Not very much going on, games take too long and gets boring quickly.  Needs more strategy, troop types etc. Tutorial is rubbish.
Very poor indeed Downloaded this app thinking, great However there were three of us skiing the exact same runs and somehow managed completely different results even though we were almost copying each other on the runs. Unreliable and waste of money.
Wtf update D pad is wayyyyy too big why change it, square Enix has no idea what they're customers want
Randomly starts in the background Since the last update, I will hear random audio playing even when my device is in standby.  Came to find out when twitch is open in the background it will randomly start.  Scared me at first.
Nice concept but touchscreen fail on Galaxy note 2014 10.1 I liked the concept but this doesn't work properly the UI prevents me processing past the tutorial first steps due to buggy touchscreen on my galaxy note 10.1 2014 edition. Refunding.
Good app if your area is listed Seen a lot of cities on the list... which is cool, but I have issue with not being able to request areas andor be able to imput the codes yourself. I my own worse enemy by not checking things out before purchasing.
Its getting BORING Fifa 15 on Android has became something i cant even talk about ,whiles our companions in IOS get to play online and all those stuffs, we get an update to change balls in Simulation mode
DOWNLOAD GOLF FRONTIER ITS BETTER Developer BURIED my comment because his app is CRAP DOWNLOAD GOLF FRONTIER IT WORKS FLAWLESSLY FOR FREE This app doesnt have courses updated and gives wrong distance info. Galaxy Note 3
Horibble The free app is much better
App doesn't work Downloaded on Sony Xperia z1 compact. No functions worked at all.
Boring It's just for time pass
Only first mission is completing after that it stuck's in single window Only first mission is completing after that it stuck's in single window
Still doesn't work 4 updates now. Can we at least get a status update We have no idea if it's even being looked at
Meh. Ok spill, horribelt stygt UI.
There are no free hints..  Suggestion  the jackpot should pop up automatically for the hints coz i cannot find it to roll ...
Really slow feed update Devs, could you please answer why updating feed is such a slow process It takes around 1 minute and it's just no good. Running kitkat with ART.
rude this is wrong becuas show ing the pics with the jokes is bad A LOT OF PEOPLE COULD TAKE IT RONG AND FEEL BAD ABOUT THEMSELVES
Nothing New May as well delete them no new updates since it was made
This app is bull The only thing free about this app is the download.  You need to pay just to see who want to meet you.  Just be straight forward and charge in the beginning.  LIES ALL LIES
Bonus and scatters are very rare Uses all you credits at a fast rate with no bonus or scatter.
Hate it worst game ever it crashes if I get 1 wrong
Little rewards. It drags on...
Bad app Downloaded but pop up comes up and won't go off so I can't see the screen to play
I hate this game . You have to pay for the horse cleaning thing , and everything else . Don't get this game , but if you want to pay for it then do it .
Please fix or refund Nexus 6 won't launch
Worked fine up until the update The update messed up my game. I try to run it, but just went to a black screen. Nothing.shame on you rockstar....SHAME
Bummer Thank goodness for the refund button.  I do appreciate that feature
Controls The controls are way too hard
What the heck If I wanted an app that had a black screen when I opened it I would have turned off my phone. And that would have been free.
Don't install Very bad bad game.  Please remove from play store this game
it doesn't work at all don't use this app this is stupid and it never ever worked on my phone so yeah it doesn't work.
Glitchy Not what I expected at all I normally like cartoon network that's why I downloaded it but wasn't good at all
Requires internet signal. Will not work by GPS alone.
Unrealistic cops always right on you and only you. Cars appear right in front of you and they handle horribly. I want all my money back. Ea is not willing to do anything about it. I have been an Ea customer since need for speed II in 1997.
It's not letting  everyone verify root
This game is not all that Its hard who ever is reading this I'm telling you don't play it
Slow glitches Its too slow im definitely in installing
I don't like
Kamal When I try to open 8 months option I found it completely dark.
Jungle marble The game has a problem that needs fixing. Marble not lining up as they should also coming from the wrong end.
Cute, fun game but problematic pay design Even if you have infinite honey, you can only earn a few coins per day and you really need those powerful bears to be awake for Chapter 3.
All black As others have commented all black screen after logo. Unable to play at all. Real shame as all the other apps my daughter loves.
Started of good Can't go into town map anymore it gives me a black screen and stays there I paid money for app fix it now Or refund me Thanks I'll give 5 stars when fixed zte majesty 4.1.3 android
Used to be great I  downloaded this app for my granddaughter. Worked great on my old phone. Now all it does is immediately crash
Okay It was fun at first, and everything was going nicely until in the animal kingdom it would not let me choose the word clam,
Stupid I cant get in the game when I try to play the screen just stays black
Sucks Game is designed to deal out wins and losses. Determined to achieve a percentage of wins or loses. No random deals.
great more historical years but when I would try to play my favorite dynasty it would load and the game would crash so I couldn't play it
No... just..... no
Do not download this...ever It's literally unplayable
Ads and only hindi Annoyed by ads and most of the questions are Hindi.
My and i love this game because my son can learn how to do house list
Season mode Every update the season heads don't change it stays with this beach ball its so annoying.
Won't work
I use to love it Was great but now won't open for me. And keeps crashing
Glichy The game is so glichy when I mine it doesn't mine the block and I'm glitching in the ground
i can't see my favorite forecast sets Guys, thanks for the app. A comment i have is why don't you give the option to see our custom forecast sets I can't imagine why you didn't do it and if you've done then its not obvious to find it
Meh... Could of been better for a dub step app I went through all the sets and there are no drops... Not a single one, its pretty disapointing
Keeps Rejecting my Ads I've tried posting various ads but it gets rejected, saying that it's not allowed.
I know for a fact that I have a virus. But this app says that I'm good. B.S It looks to only scan apps
Gotten Boring With no addtional objectives added in such a long time there is nothing left to play for. With 10 million plus coins and over 3000 gems, what's they're left to try for.
I loved it,,installed played all day got to level 52 went to bed got up tapped app and its still loading been loading for 45 minutes guess I'll uninstall and move on and that sucks cool game
An ad Yep their end is ruined by an advertisement built into the plot. Don't waste your time.
Doesnt work, again Won't run compass or speed on my droid turbo
Ads The ads. You dont need ads where your going to have the answer this is redundant. I would have given it a 5 star
Automatically screen rotates... After opening app the screen rotates automatically... Please fix it.
I hate it... U jst need to tap d phone when two circles met. Nothng more than it...
Can't win know matted what. I'm  not crazy enough to buy fake money just so I can lose it.
Too many connection problems... I haven't been able to connect to play online once since buying. Single player works fine and I love how it plays, but the AI is too easy. Please fix your multiplayer
Black screen I can see the letters names etc. But the screen is all black. Please fix this
Play with friends not working My friend tried to join my game and it said I had a game ready so she clicked it and waited for the game to start but it said there was a server error after about a minute... Plz fix and I'll rate 5 stars
Great game Unenjoyable though Really awesome realistic mechanics instead of classic button mashing which I'm better at..probably Great stuff but difficult unless you pay for everything in the game.
Shutdowns Good game, but a long wait to boot was always an issue. And now, after an update today, it just refuses to start. Gave up without playing a ball after half a dozen restarts in 15 minutes. Get it back on its feet Nautilus
Look, you need to fix the glitches and if you do, I will give you five stars
STILL NO FIX.... Drop another starr. Last update for tablet have connection issue. 610 played game got disconected which only 50 rate of getting reconected. Fix please. I am a royal paying customer.
They lied There is no multiplayer Isn't this false advertisement
Abandoned... Was good app at one time, but has been abandoned by the dev. Hasn't been updated in 2 years... Waste of time and money now.
omg i thought it was a great game  i unistalled it   i erased like everything on my phone to download it i couldn't get anything...  i hated it there is of course better thanks
Great but.... Its great but it keeps turning off a shuting down my tablet. I payed 2.99 and I want to play it Please fix or tell me how to fix it
STUPID I agree with Emily Peterson it's completely fake and a waist of time IT'S A RIPOFF
Totally west of time and MB
Frequently crashes I don't know what happened in your recent updates but the game freezes CONSTANTLY now. I never had this problem before. I hope this can be fixed soon because you lose EVERYTHING when it happens.
Don't download this it is because this app dosn't actually like real piano... Some people say that this is good ,but that's not good.
It's to zoomed in I can't play some of the game not really good enough
Best game This game is the best game ever .It is awesome and wonderful
this game is so boring and no more level are unlock only 3 games are unlock please don't play this game... SOOO BOROING
Bugs Nothing appears when I open the app
Rip Off Crashes all the time. Please refund my money.
Worst game for rs 125. I want my money back. Please don't download this game.
Don't waste your money It dosent work I want my money back it restarts my phone every time I open it wish 0 stars was a choice
Terrible I thought this was a game not the stupid and ugly Lottie Dottie video and those easiest puzzles ever or the stupid colouring pages even a 1year old kid won't like thisthis is the worst app everrrrr
 Paid for it and it won't let me install, keeps saying insufficient memory which is not the case. My 3 year old is very disappointed
Sucks It won't let me register.
Just like Vegas..... Just like Vegas except you NEVER lose....its not a game of chance and gets boring  after awhile I have gone from 250.00 to 44000.00 in less then 2 hrs.
Expensive Other apps does the same and more for free.
Wont work on my phone Keeps coming up with s error my son very dissapointed
Room number does not exist I already paid the VIP but when I tried different room numbers given in the websites, it keeps telling me that the room number does not exist. Waste of money
Love it but hate the AI Would have easily gave it 5 stars but for crys sake fix the AI on this app. It's horrible.  It provides the dominoe that is convenient for the opponent during crucial parts of the game. Very annoying
More effort required Good content but terrible presentation. Really no update visually including the widget for past few months to years almost. There are so many visually stunning weather apps out there.  Please at least have a look at yahoo one.
Hate it You can only choose o not x and it shows Android won this game. I quickly uninstalled it.
silly and bakwaas app in hole world FRIEND PLS DONOT DOWNLOAD
Dume It is a dume game because I would get it to load but as soon as it is done loading it closes
They stopped giving bonuses. They still won't add levels with fb no extra cards About done with the game. They ruined it
Not working since last update.
Looks nice but gets dull It's fun for a few levels but after you realize it really is  nothing more than a variation on Go or Checkers, and your choices are just limited to moving in one direction, one space at a time.
Does it only go up to level 8 or something Because it keeps flashing the level 8, but I completed that level and won't let me go any further. Fix.
Fake game Don't play it fake. 4 cards no win Lol
No Good. Keeps lagging, freezing, and etc. Can't continue through game. Is faulty now.
Wont open I bought it went to click it and it just took me back to my menu. no error messages at all. please fix I really want to play. I have a Samsung galaxy s3. seriously please fix
Awesome I only read the application i don't have any experience to play this.. well actually while im installing this games  i commenting.. but in think this games is good can help everyone to stock knowledge  . Well good luck to me 
Sucks No one should play it I played the game should be at least a little more realistic
Keeps taking MONEY out of my account for coins, and I'm not receiving them Multiple complaints NO REFUND
Nothing happens When i press any engine it just appears white screen and saying loading and going exit wout clicking anything. So it means i just waste my disk space. My first time i download
No rider info, or favorites grouping to follow easier. Check cycling news tour tracker  the best, how it should be done.
Wtf I can get the game to go into a video game after I click on a little Care Bears house like 25 thousand times and then after all of that you played the same little game over and over and over needs more in adventure uninstalled
Great while it worked. Worked for thirty minutes then didn't work again.
 disappointed I thought that rhisw game will be better but it takes very boring. But to make it better you should make some mqin Aim to motivate people to play it. If you will than it can be very gooe game. 
Cleopatra Keno I like playing Cleopatra, but this game rarely ever hits,  if you want a better review, let us win once in while I give it 1 star till you make game more enjoyable
Game needs sorting out I downloaded it it worked for a for a couple of days then stopped working either they sort the problem or they give everyone who's had problem with it a refund
Ihate it Does not work
Not good The buy function does not work
Could not change view I downloaded several of the views but only one worked
Don't download Cannot mention location
Does not load. Disappointed. It will not get past the loading screen. Samsung galaxy s3 please fix I realy want to play with this app.
DOC MCSTUFFINS I paid and installed it, i click on the game to put it on for my little one and the game never comes up. After like 3 seconds it goes back to mobile screen
Useless app. I just joined the Mnet app doesn't work chorus .
Chat doesn't work properly, no proper notification s
Not very impressed I'm not sure I like it, is not that fun and lack in option and or functionality
Gems We need something to spend the gems on
Does not work on Note 4 I am VERY UPSET that I have purchased an app that I can't use on my new phone. This needs to be fixed 
Went through, had a house, well I had everything. It  cut out on me. It wouldn't reload. Reinstalled it, didn't even get a house built and it cut off again and won't load.
It's all in hindi, I don't like pls don't download this apps
No automatic night mode
Bad
Connect to Google Drive Failed Getting Connect to Google Drive failed. What's the point of back up if I can't back up to the cloud
Triple sevens Casino
As soon as I installed it, with in a minute it stopped working. Every 10 seconds after it loads it brings up the message that it has unfortunately stopped. So yeah. Stupid
Cant see strategy table as you play only after you deal You could a lot quicker if you could see the table before the deal instead og guessing
Need to change  I got sick because this game a few years never change the sounds or roads there's a lot ideas like jungle or in the city jump over cars need real change a new song  new sounds effects not just colors or characters .. Ty
Still so so Poor bus schedule and location prevents me from giving this app a  rate work on it
Why why why When I go into arcade or free play mode it won't let me have my stranger character im unhappy plz fix or I demand a refund
Not happy, useless The first time I tried to use it, it was corrupt and the app did not appear fully loaded. Very disappointed. It is completely unusable.
Fix this now I ran the game and started a new character. When I tried to craft it wouldn't let me use it. Basicly is wouldn't knowledge me pressing on the left top corner held sideways
If only it worked most of the time If and only if it loads the mangas is it a great app but for the other 90 of the time it's a nightmare to use.. The pages of the mangas just won't load at all.
What a waste This app went from good to bad to ugly don't like it it sucks when after the call you discover that you didn't just loos the call but you also lost your money spent on this piece of dooo daah
Not good Doesnt look like the picture that is shown
Lame
Two of Clubs Why is it dealing me the 2 of clubs more often than the odds would suggest
Unplayable It won't let me ride my dragon,  and every time I try the character just slides along the floor, which the results in the game having to be restarted. I spent so much money on the game, fix it.
Loved it then hate it I had this game but my deice broke. So I got this game on my new tablet and when I was playing,it froze and my buildings,NBA arena, house ,school and church dissapeered . Get my world back and I will rate 5
Can't rate well if I can't play Closes immediately after I downloaded
Eats up points. Gives good payouts you start to win big.but it seems when you compete in the jackpots you start to loseif you turn down the promts to buy creditsbut its still fun to play but its obviously fixed just like in real casinos
Don't pay You pay to upgrade but get nothing after paying
Unable to calculate fare estimates I selected the city Kolkata and tried to calculate the estimate fare but it showed nothing every time as it failed to do the task. Please fix this otherwise this app is of no use .
Won't update Has issues with updating current metars and tafs. Continually gives old weather.
It's use less app it doesn't work's man.
Bad apps It did not help to remove my apps to SDcard its a waste of money to invest
Lame
Having issues..this is not working on my phone.. Please help
Can't sign up Tried signing up with various emails and it keeps giving me invalid email. Tried many times with my two different emails to no avail. Sorely disappointed in this app. I'll stick to youtube.
No Material design. Lacks polished user interface. Could take a few GUI design notes from the Reddit News app.
Dislike  It was so so so borning no instrest I'm about delete it not worth playing litery the most boring game sorry. 15 
I am connected to FB, and some of my friends show up as neighbors, but when I try to add my fianc who also plays the game it won't add her as a neighbor. I've sent tons of requests, and so has she but still nothing She is connected to FB as well...
Worst game ever Not worth to wait even while downloading
Keeps crashing Every time i join a mock draft it says the app has stopped working. Plz fix it 
 This is not that good. It just does the same as the normal. Im lucky to get likes
The video ADs are very annoying
Won't load I loved this game but recently it closes before it even loads. Please fix
Too bad The game is kind of broken you have to lay for everything  fun thing Throwing water in toms face
Really bad app. Especially the buss tracker. It says there's a bus a mile away on a quiet road and you wait 30 minutes.
Not a bad game but unable to connect to a server makes it very difficult to find a reason to keep it installed on my phone. Will keep it for 24 hrs. if problems aren't fix will uninstall it
Here I go again How in the hell you don't win anything even on free spins. That's bad. Now I remember why I stopped playing this You bet 5000.00 and if you do win it's only 5.00. There is no fun in that Have good games but not fair.
Hidden Object It wasn't that exciting. Got  bored  with it real guick.
asome I hate the dog because they ate my bunny and bird
I used to like it All of a sudden the fking game starts to freeze wen I reach to the opposite side...even wen I be running or tackling... Kmft cho
Paid 2 unlock full version,  where's my game Don't buy games very often but not happy I haven't received what I paid 4
Garbage Really, I feel robbed.
Not syncing correctly Still finding playlist or songs still on device after deselecting on desktop program.
Crashes crashes crashes Its fun when it works. Good luck getting it to work.
Lost all my photos I locked my photos with this app and after few days I opened the app to see them but I didn't find any thing....this is shit I can't find my photos. And I'm wating from you developers to answer me
Dont install This app used 100 mb of my data for no reason. I used it once all the month and it consume 100 mb of my back ground data... this app is transfer all ur contents... fk
Not really free Super restricted, only allows access to one item fruit pop, and even then most ingredients require purchase. Not worth wasting your time on.
I like it Samsung galaxy grand  2
Grrr really hate it I cant open it ,when i open this apps ,its just turn into whole whole white screen then shut ,its never launch  Its eat a lot of space on my phone,please dont make it too large space apps,
Sucks
Notification spam Critical message Buy our premium version. Uninstalled. I can live with the enormous amount of buy premium ads in the app itself, but don't spam my notification bar.
Making fun of abcd2 This game just stinkssss dont waste u r time on this game worst game everrrrrrrr boring...............
What a useless app Background music wont let my son or me hear a thing, if i could give 0 stars or 5 i would
Hate It never opens
No Atlanta How does this app not cover the largest city in the south east
Wtf Rubbish
PROBLEM FIX IT NOW I HATE THIS THING JUST FIX THIS THING RIGHT NOW Bella.. After we put the color of the cone and turned and it says the appgame stopped fix it bianca
Stupid It keeps saying i dont have enough coins when i have enough
Don't work on my Samsung tablet 4 come on Do not work out  my samung tablet 4 I could rated 5 stars share it on my Dropbox please fix it please thx
Ruined the game by lowering the rent so you will never make enough to progress without buying more cash. Ruined a good game. Don't waist your time,  and DON'T PAY FOR PREMIUM
Sad face Dudes sima is all about raising your sims having a family like in real life and having a job. All the other sims 3s have families why can't this one
Jumping I'm doing fine. Then I get that blue swirly thing right before a jump and I can't jump with the blue swirly thing. The game sucks.
Crash Cannot do anything game keeps crashing outlet, guild, angel ect.
Very bad game Tati khage muter piaga
Just don't understand how to work it,gone thru it ova n ova n i just can't grasp it,   sorry
Massive let down I've been playing for a few months and now it keeps saying there's an error and to restart it. It's not letting me race or anything. How can we fix this Will write a 5 star review if fixed.
Don't download The light in the picture is not real when you finally unlock the light it took me a week all it is is a strobe light which you can get in an app instantly
Poor Because u have to buy so many puzzles... not enough unlocked
Hit lucky wheel twice  all 3 reels hit diamonds all 3. Your adds caused phone to crash. Had to restart. Never got any of the credit. So zero stars
Frustrated Absurdly long loading screen times or a fault with the game itself Either way, I never actually got to play the game itself as 8min becomes tedious. Shame, as this was a favourite of mine years ago.
Worst I hide some pics in photo vault ,and when i uninstalled it, all my photos were gone
Buggy I can look past some of the glitches, poor graphical choices, and lag. But it became totally unplayable when the character just decided to stop jumping and ducking altogether. Worthless.
Bakwas h ek dam... Don't download. ...nothing is there for kids
Couldn't even create a user profile so that I can use the app this app sucks I'm going to uninstall
Doesn't work
Don't work I hate it you have to craft your tools in creative change in and I'll rate five and if dont I'll delete the game and get mine craft
Don't download boss Save u r data and time
What piece of shit Yet another piece of shit after Hard Time, if you don't desire to make games just stop and be poor. The AI is bad, i got suspended for a week for getting hit and breaking a chair. Still, piece of crap, just stop making games MDick
Totally useless app.....
This app hangs phone There is no exit option why It hangs phone too but great game I deleted mine and my phone is free once again. i am not taking the risk of downloading this phone crashing game again. Thanks you guys tried
Calling all agents, mission 3 level 3 just comes up a black screen and keeps locking my phone. Please fix and will rate higher. I love these games until now
Stupid In order to get them to do anything productive, or anything for their health and energy I have to constantly watch them. Also they complain about money all of the time and currency is hard to obtain.
Crashes tablet Tried installing multiple times e with the same result.  Freezes up and sometimes crashes Galaxy Tab 3.    to dev I no longer have it installed and don't want to reinstall it.  But showing you care deserves at least another star...
Cool but... Its a cool app, but I can't make this as default in my security settings.. help please.. sorry for bad english
Invalid phone ID After sending few messages. It not sending the messages and error message appearing like INVALID PHONE ID.
Problem I paid 2.69 for this game, but it never work...
Cool It was cool but wasn't what I expected, I should know because, well because it was me
Waste of money Lose one round and you're out, not like the show.
All it does is fast forward your video gt
So slow
Unable to play with real chips Though there is real chips in the account unable to play.. It's going to play for fun.. No option to change.
Not working Purchased the upgrade to have live results and it is not working. Comes with an error and shows nothing.
Needs update Streaming does NOT work, even over WiFi.
Won't even open Loading Loading Loading.. great game... NOT
Wtf Always thinking and thinking... I am unable to play multiplayer game ...other player they just keep on thinking... Kick out them after 15 seconds... Fix it plz...then ill rate it 5
Watch your money. Great game but designed to rob you blind. Not possible to progress to the higher levels without spending money  lots of money.
Objective sucks....
Sooo boring This game is sooooo boring..there's not even a final jeopardy Sucks that I paid for this thinking it would be a good game..don't waste your money
Ugh First it loaded then it said make sure that you have 1gb.so i sais yes.next i couldnt play it cuz it took so long to load.all hiw to train your dragon games i had a prob with.yet again uninstall.
Buggy It won't load my character when I'm walking around, it took my gold coins for a revive then instantly told me I was defeated again. It took me forever to save up those gold coins.
I don't like it I don't like this game because it's building against me from the bottom while I'm trying to keep from adding any flours.
Make runs hard In difficulty hard we can score 30 runs per over. In real cricket its not possible so see that we get do not get runs easily.Autoplay is available for only 5 overs please increase it.
Stopped working after update. Don't go to android 5.0. This app no longer works. I was hoping there would be a fix but it's been quite some time and no luck. I Like the developer but this is a bit disappointing..
Nexus 9 Black field. Please fix
Risky DO NOT DOWNLOAD   The robot if thats what it really is asked for my full name, address, phone number and other personal details, do not download unless if you want to be chatted up by some perv
Probably would be good but it wants you to buy them with no obvious pricing so I deleted them both
It's OK Need more info.. you can log your score but it has no stats. Will give better rating when stats etc. becomes available.
Too difficult Game is too difficult, potions dont give enough hp ,controls too slow to respond,monsters do way too much damage
Login issue I love this game, but it's not letting me access it bc it's not accepting my login. Even though it works on the website  if it gets fixed I'll definitely 5 star but as I did spend money I feel a bit ripped off.
Paid for it but won't download would like the money refunded
It would be fun,but The menu and everything doesn't show up right on nexus 7 would rate better if fixed,even thoughi no it won't get fixed.edit note 4 dont work right either what a bummer sqrew activision mobile bunch of lazy scags.
I hate this game its models after makeup is looking like a monster and it too didn't have the dresses I am going to delete it
App crashes constantly. While busy doing picks the app closes and you have to start over again. This happens sometimes a few times in a row.
Stars look like squares When I'm using the app the stars look like squares but when I zoom in it shows its shape It shouldn't be like that. Please fix and also update the moons of planets that how they really look.
There should be more free levels I would have given 5 stars if there would have more free levels anyway fantastic game
Very bad
Won't start On latest android on nexus 5
Stupid They are copiers they just copied my talking tom and my talking Angela.
Boring No offence but who wants to sit and just tap on the screen for coins untill they run out But if you like to do so, go ahead
Great game, but what's up with the ads I paid for this so that I wouldn't have to see them
It's sucks
Want my money back My son loves the show but number 123 are not visible on the screen so he cant play
drum solo there wore Nno
It won't load properly on my android tablet, I can hear the music but the screen is blank My 3 year old is really disapointed .
Mpoints gone Mpoints have been gone since the last update. I'm not happy I'm missing so many points.
Super app but..... Even though I am using my WiFi network, my mobile balance is getting deducted. How the hell this could happen Apart from this, everything is super
Freezes Up. Don't Buy Wasted my money.  Widget freezes up, won't work. App works great.
Makes my phone less responsive  laggy First install and app looks ok but noticably slows my phone.  I have never had that problem with viber.  Also there is no way to disable the app when you want it offline.
why i love this game but i cant talk to anyone like where you click the speech buble
My 2year likes it Nice app BUT the ads are so not on.is there a way to block these adspls help
Need help....... Not able to deactivate advanced protection as u described in description i want to uninstall applock but not able to do it
Can't even play It crashes and brings me to the home screen when I try to start it, and if I'm lucky enough for it not to it freezes. I can't even play it. I didn't pay 5 dollars to not be able to play this. Please fix.
Rubbish
Too slow This app is very slow when loading content. My child looses interest by the time things load. Uninstalling.
Fire game Redesign the game to take up less space...It keeps updating and is now almost over 1g of data..plz fix for 5 star rating
nope Idk if its my phone but not all keys work
Never download this please The worst app I have come across, the steering has no sensitivity and it never works. I was unable to move the vehicle even with a hour try. Please don't waste your data. I bet you can never drive this vehicle.
Playing for 3mins , and i have to uninstal this piano holyshit , no Ads pls
More Island's Please We need more islands also the app should be more like the website we should have more choices and be able to be online please.
Freecell Don't mind the ads on the page but can't tolerate the flashing... have to uninstall. Sorry.
Money hungry I enjoyed this game until I found out you have to buy additional puzzles. What a ripoff
STUPID It kept taking me off when I was playing do not get and I gave a galxy s5
How to do this On the add for it , it said you can take pictures with the painting that you made. But I don't know how,.
Can't Login Keeps saying no match. Pls fix
Hell with hackers they will be reseting the time machine why the team is not working on that
Crashes with new content. Will change rating once fixed. Refunds for people who paid for a game they cant play
Not that good The sounds are not good, and they do not match what the weapons would sound. And plus, the M14 is not fully automatic unless you physically modded the gun. Sorry
Deleted Profile Updated app and it deleted my profile. Not happy as you have had money from me for this game and I had spent a long time making lots of progress. Now its all lost, what are you going to do about it
Very bad
Wastage of data Not working in my phone
Niv missing verses. Why are you taking verses out of the bible This is stupid and if not fixed I will find another bible app. I have always used this one and have never had a problem but starts taking away scriptures and I have a problem. Fix this.
Mary johnston Could not control shooter
This is the worst that I has game.... Uma verdadeira merda.
Needs Work. Previous versions were better.. The app no longer plays music when I am offline. Plus the most frustrating part is that I have to log in everytime I reboot my phone. Fix these, until then, it's just 2 from me.
Sucks bad Old app made more sence new one does not work
Is this Bullshit The game kicked me out of the game
Waste of money Game wont let me click letters to solve puzzles biggest waste of money ever .maybe if they fixed the constant glitches it would be ok . I have a galaxy 5 and the game wont work
Money POT I THOUGHT IT WAS A GOOD GAME SO I BOUGHT IT AND THEN I SAW THAT MORE THAN 30 ROBOTS HAVE TO BE BOUGHT AND YOU ONLY GET 8 robots free and you have to pay to make your own robotMONEY POT
3 hours installation Still waiting, I went to the collections and bought 1 still waiting
It's stupid I can't live for a minute I tried too get a wolf friend but they only attack me. It's the stupidest game ever do not buy
The bad Don't download it because it is your time wasting
Can't win the first tournanment Cannot  capitalize with the house when you're broke because you need to play a tournanent to pass to the next game
Some of you where rhigt like only two things theatre dome and I only have two games this took all of my space
I love played often until the update now the game is creepy to me with eyeballs for balls, gloomy dark alley, bloody balls and what not. Time to uninstall. Not my style
Spider Wont open half the time, the other half wont move cards ready to uninstall Going to give it 3 days if not better its,bye bye.
Fuckin shittest game ever do not buy waste of money
Downloaded because my kids love the show and it keeps force closing for a game that cost 6.99 i think it should work please fix this issue  and ill give it 5 stars but the fact that it is unplayable after paying 7 is rediculous
Xperia Z2 The game looks great but you cannot scroll into properties management. Something is not working properly. Refund
Issues with pictures The loading of images on this application causes that it randomly scrolls up or down so that you loose the last post that you were reading. Needs some serious fixing.
Improvement is needed
Doesn't work Google map is much better
no way to contact them You meet a girl here you truely like you have no way of contacting her except here and is far to expensive
Raid Tickets Have been playing for LVL 56 after that no more raid tickets. Cheating money to buy VIP to get more raid tickets. Even you have energy nothing to do. Not fair for regular player without buying VIP.
M.Lockett Not funny
Spam Too much spam a minimum of 20 per day . Mostly porn. I don't get any spam with Gmail. Forgot using Yahoo filters they don't work.
Does not even run Nexus 5, can not get past tutorial. Not happy, waste of money.
Ugh I love this app,but there is one problem.When im in the car i like to listen to it i used to be able to listen to a few but now i cant open it without wifi bc of the new update plz fix this or ill have to delete mine.
Wouldn't work Can't get tape out of music box..ballerina thing at the beginning.. What a waste of money
not to be mean but Its the worst football game i have seen controls are bad teams are fake please try to fix it
Airspace and frequencies out of date Disappointing that SA airspace and frequency changes made some years ago are not up to date.
Season Pass Problem Like a few other reviews here, I have bought a season pass that no longer gets recognized Please help me or fix this, thanks ahead of time.. Stars after fix.
its jist the  a bad and ugly game bad and ugly  game
Frequently crashes It's great when it works. It crashes upon requesting a response from the bot. It's unusable at the moment. I will update this review with 45 stars when they fix the app.
It was great buying the pro version. Now the pro version has pop ups asking if i want to watch a commercial to get bombs. If i buy a game i don't want pop ups. Jesus
DO NOT play this game. It will screw you over on almost every way. Don't waste your money, don't play this game
Stopped Suddenly it stopped working
Wish I could play this... Game continues to crash in my Note 4... Is this yet another game not optimized for the Snapdragon 805  What a waste of resources in this game. Now I can't play it... Please fix this
Respect material design App poorly designed
Not work Fix it
Why Every time I open it it kicks me out
Tablet app Not so good, no help, no exit from settings, better on my phone.
Glitch galore What All of a sudden the animals all turn black, and its so loud I can't think Fix this please
Great app but it has a major problem Although I purchased CarHome Ultra, the program keeps telling me that the Trial period has ended.  I didn't purchase a trial. Until this is fixed, I am uninstalling this thing. Galaxy Tab 2 10.1
Crock Won six mini games to unlock tool to be told each time I chose the wrong chest. I can find better ways to waste my time.
Worst online rummy game ever dont waste your time on this. It doesn't recognise most of the cards clubbed and gives wrong show error. It sucks.. fix it......
Plzzz help me I lost my pics in app lock I need it back fr dat wt shud I do .. while restarting my phone I forgot to unhide d pics like dat only I restarted plz do help me .. I need those pics .. 
Devs do not respond Bought in game money and a week later still have not received. Mailed devs and not even an automated response. Will uninstall and change to 1 star if not resolved immediately.
i m shweta dave daughter and i hate this game i have just  give 1star becz i luv nail salon this game never opens i hate nail salon 2
still crashing I want a refund Can't even play it crashes instantly..... galaxy s5
Facebook..... NOT This games is a lot of fun but it will not connect me to my facebook friends. I wrote to them about it They wrote back and said that it was fixed but it has not been fixed. I even bought the ad free one. Really irritating
PLEASE FIX Tired to load the game, was told to come back in 2 hours due to maintenance and its been over 24 hours. Please fix the issue and i know im not the only one. Very poor
This is the dumbest app i ever purchased..never even worked at all.
Poor problem resolution Have sent several emails to the company to resolve a simple issue, they haven't responded yet.
Keeps forced closing When I type certain sentences, it keeps closing. Hated it
Regular freeze and crash This app regularly freezes and crashes on my phone. This problem only started with the newer releases of the app. I currently have a Samsung Galaxy S5 with Android 5.0
Love the game. But I came one day and my whole team was deleted. So I'm not happy when I was doing pretty good now I have to start all over not happy at all
Too many ads Its a free app. I get that you aren't doing this for your health, but an ad after every game is ridiculous Uninstalling
To much loading
Errors In the middle playing it keeps asking for me to send error reports and then I lose my progress
Don't waste ur time Labeled incorrectly, offkey, and missing many sounds. How can C4 labeled G4 be the same sound as A3 labeled E4
Bakvas hai its fake game
Just get errors
Getting on freaking nerves It does not turn when I want it just keeps jumping  when. When fixed I will Rte 5 stars
What Happen Why my Victor Martinez, Jos Bautista gold, Jacoby Elsbury platinum now have numbers of trash. Amazing update F player's performance
One question I understand that it has access to my camera and all the ads but Why does it have to record my phone call Please explain
Love it but theres a stupid glitch i cant get past When i throw the rock at the buttons that it tells me too hit it dosent do anything so im stuck
A baton is not an instrument dumbass. Even if it was, it would be percussion as a percussion instrument is one that is struck. It can be used to hit a stand to help keep time.
Fun Game, need hirez fix Fun game on a phone, but on the awesome Nexus 10 screen all touches map to the top half of the screen, and resizing the view fixes the map to the bottom right corner. Really disappointing.
I just want to sing and not go through this process
Zero stars I give this game zero stars. I'm uninstalling it because it freezes up more then it let's me play.
To many ads. Other then that not too bad.
Cant play free fight  There are just 3 options Focus, Strike  Block. Just click on them U will win like a kid  Why didn't u make it for free fight
Cheaters e driver did not turn on AC...picked a long route to bill more...He cheated my parents who were travelling via OLA.. Pathetic service provided...Be wise use UBER instead
Failed expectation Does not work on my Galaxy Note 4 which runs on an Android 5.1. Too bad...
Cannot make picks, cannot view pools. Navigation slightly improved. No feedback button. Why have the app if I still have to frantically run for my computer to make picks. Please fix.
Why fix what's not broken The recent update is a major downgrade,  what gives   No difficulty levels  No leaderboard   Major fail, here.  Very disappointing.
Nothing shows up When I go onto the app, right after its done loading nothing appears
Annoyed I loved this game it now will not open for no reason so iv paid for something I can't play iv tried downloading again an still same issue  Can this please b fixed
Boring It's the same logos again
Lame Total bor and the jet pac thing i used a quick memo and to the creator SCREW U  P.S I HOPE YOU GET HIT BY A CAR
 This game is so fake. It's not even a game. U can't even do anything on it So annoying and frustrating That's why I don't like and get training games One of worst  games I've ever installed on my phone
Developer should have put a little thought into how to design the game instead of how to prank people
Radio Stream works for 10 seconds Radio Stream comes on for 1015 seconds and then stops.  No reason and I can't listen to The Open at work
Uninstalling Stupid adds ruin it
Cannot load the game Stuck on the page where it says choose between George
Stupid This game is STUPID they don't let me go to the part after the decorated cones 
Gran theift auto It does not tell you how to p l ay and it is a rip off
I almost got the division 3 trophy, then all of a sudden I lost my points automatically, and the game took me back to zero level. it sucks
Fake app After installing app I didn't got the credit I have done all terms and conditions but still I didn't got credit 
Gross Would be better without all of the nude fat people.
Greenify has stopped recognizing the donation package I don't know why, but it refused to activate experimental features even thought I tried uninstalling and reinstalling the donation package multiple times
Boring Boring Boring Boring BoringTT
Want the 24 hr forecast in widget The widgets aren't very helpful telling me what the weather is now, I know what it is. I want to know what the weather is going to be for the day.
Nice Was working really good to then all of a sudden it says its not responding
I cannot play when i updated it. Can you please fix the errors. I cant play a game after i download the update. Its just like hang and cannot touch and get in to the games... Please fix this asap.i really love this game.
Mooka All the stuff is not unlocked and it's boring
App not working I downloaded the app and it says download new app. U click on the link to download new app that is provided and it says app not avaialble
Cool I love it it is a baby
Thumbs down It is a bad i am taller  to you to don't download this game
Bhot kharab gems h koi mat urhana
App doesn't send notifications I've had this problem for the three years now across two different devices. I have no other problems with the app but it's useless without this feature.
Won't work with Google Earth since the last update
Cannot work on my Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8,it can't be opened.
Keira I dont liked it because is very very not fun this not a band the tempo is not like a band the tempo is so messy.i very dont like the game.
Doesnt work Black screen. Can't even play. I want a refund.
Want my money back Tried it expecting it to be fun but I was faced with ads and needing to buy energy. Not worth the money.
I just bought the game and it won't let me refund im so mad 
Its ok No missions. In evry level u r in same place ...no more special guns which makes it boring ....
Should use english Cant understand korean u should make the english version
Wow... It's better than other pool games I've played, but the spin still doesn't work
Great but critical bug I lost a save game after 5 hours of play when play services went down. If a game uses cloud saves it should either have a local backup or be robust to network failures. Other than that a great game,  and well implemented. ..
New update bug When I update to HD version home button is not working 
Not bad
... Okay, there were actually some okay questions in here, but come on If you are making an app about intellectual capabilities, use your brain and fix your spelling and grammar.
Disappointed Can't post pictures or videos as advertised , says I'm off road when not , can't even find the photos or video I'm talking waste of cash bummer please fix
I love This game awesome. So you hate as much as you want, but this like this game.
Too expensive. Not possible to unlock other engines without paying a lot for it. Caused more tears than fun.
Crazy app Not working on samsung galaxy s6 edge
Just doesn't work anymore Never had issues..now I can't send emails to ppl with yahoo accounts says invalid address..so I used outlook app and they went..adding news and browser clearly hasn't worked I think pantsville sums it up..
Entertaining for a while... It is slightly fun but after a while I becomes boring but to be honest it is only slicing fruit
Disgrace I come onto the game it sends me of. Then I get it again and again but I go on and it takes like 5 mins to load I get on it then I get sent of. Fix it and ill give you 
Horrible I rated it 1 star but I wish I cold have rat tree d it 0. Don't even waste your time because it keeps freezing on multiplayer and hard level.I used to think it was fun but its not.  It is the worst game ever.
Say it is not licence Does not work
Annoying Data download getting stuck everytime.I'm fed up.Asus Zenfone 5
The towers upgrade to slow and the airstrikes should be returned if you fail a level you get more heros but can only play 2 at a time what is the point of having more than 2
LG G4  No Notifications Game worked great on my S4, but I cannot get notifications on my LGG4. I can see notifications for FB, Pinterest, Email...no idea what is missing here. Help and I can move rating to 5 stars Thank you
No Lazer comes out In the picture, it shows the Lazer come out off the phone, but it doesn't so I suggest you don't waste your time on a app like this
Delayed letters Letters don't remove immediately when you click them, even though they're appearing in the answer boxes. Also, no 'next' or 'skip' button.
Amazing fantastic
Only 1 star I don't like to play for fun. It should need real cash option.
It wont work Please fix it doesn't load
Bakwas It is totally bakwas
Bought the game and won't let me download it, says error, get it fixed so I can play this game or I have wasted 2.99
Motorola moto G 2 Sometimes it does not work. And display just other than optimization. I have downloaded in the name of uc...
  19      
Dumie Im every one that got android cause it can't read my finger dumb author
Boring Ad after every. Single. Game.  Wheel spins so slowly that this is best played when needing to fall asleep.
Bugg When ever dialogue comes up the store pops up then disappears also the store does not work and won't let me buy anything
Won't open I downloaded the app and it won't open at all. I unistalled it several times and it won't work. 
Crap Why you people developed this crap  I couldn't even able to run it for a single time.  Everytime hangs and not responding would you like to close it. Uninstalled it within 9 minutes. Have to do some Yoga today  to lower the stress.
Don't do it The free version works better than this one.  Developer's won't respond back. Save your money.
A hhhhhhhhhhhhh So boring you shouldn't be downloading it
Waa I downloaded it for my lil sis and it worked in the beginning then all of a sudden it froze and wouldnt click it wasnt my device it was the gameand a lot of animals are locked
Map pack I bought a siberia map pack and got the receipt however when i was gna play it it still says i hv to buy the map pack. So basically wasted my 2 dollars i want refund or make it work
Useless auto full screen video The auto full screen video is quite irritating when you just want to read other news instead of only watching video. JUST FIX THIS ISSUE, THANKS A LOT
It sucks that u can only do like three things on it
Freezes up I get annoyed when the games freezes up while playing or if you respond yo a text you get a white screen.  At that time all I can do is restart my phone.  This is my favorite game to play so I hope they fix soon
Great idea. Hate the ads My son loves this app, but he ends up hitting the ads a lot and it gets frustrating for both of us.
no town or city within even 150 miles of my town, useless for me. If you do not live near a big city, DO NOT BOTHER WITH THIS APP I want my money back ASAP
The very stupid game I have ever played I just hated it its sovstupid making  game In this you just have to increase or decrease the power please never ever download it
It wont work No matter what I do it just wont work. I really want to see it.
Black screen on field I just Downloaded it and when I got on the field the whole screen went black. You can hear the football players and I can see the analog but that's it. Please fix this
     
Crap Doesn't work and doesn't explain in app charges
Does not have united states ..on country list ..doesn't show texas
It doesn't work.  I t will not record my words Minus a star
Crashing It crashes way too much and, it never loads any sneakers it just stays blank
Where are my Dragons Got Modern Masters 2015 added a week before release. Dragons has been out two months and no update
I was telling me king  to go somewhere but it didn't this game is terrible I would not recommend this to anybody
Crashes It crashes a lot
Still CAN'T OPEN Passworded Archive even i put the right password, it just ask again and again. other than that its actually good
After installing, I instantly refunded. Very disappointed. Game goes way too fast to play, and If there's 50 endings, why did I constantly get you've been made into a keychain Just sad.
Game freezes in campaign  multilayer all the time  I lose spirits  reinforcements because of it.
Who cares about top stories Facebook is becoming too messy. Too much information about things I really don't care And I really don't care about top stories Please I'd like to choose what I want to see on my news feed
Closes down Please refund as it freezes and then closes the game down
terrible Terrible, horrible, problems getting to download,  try at your own peril.
Doesn't work Roll the dice and the game cuts out and closes. Fix please and will review my rating.
Fake app Balance not came through mcent...big fraud...frnds dont download
Sucking game No graphics
I hated it. Why can't we have at least 2 rooms Every game you make has in app purchase. No one wants to buy something on an app for 2.75.
It's normal game not so good and not so bad
Stupid Stupid intelligence
Ripoff This game is a ripoff it only gave us one room don't get this game
Fun but... Its hard to move around
Wont load, u see defiant load screen u barely see the sled then it crashes i want my money back
Long wait Wow. Why do you have to wait 3 hours for 1 pass That's crazy. I really think if you didn't have to wait that long, this would be an awesome game. Fix that and I will give you 5 stars.
All  instruments  are  not  open  we  have  to  pay  149rs  don't  load  this  game
I will  delete this app. They are 2 days maintenance writing 2 hours. You are not serious. We have spent a lot of time to play.
Stupid It wont even let me open the app and it tames up to much space and it lags its stupid game I used to love it but now it sucks mabey because im on an Ndroid and not my iphone
Boring and promotes bad behavior
I love playing the game but it's annoying that I can't do anything because it constantly is closing it's self out i would give the game a 5 rating if I could play for once without it closing out on me
Annoying ad Kind of entertaining, but the plotembedded ad for magnetic woo bracelets kind of ruined it for me. Tony Stark would not approve.
Screw you Mina Don't worry about updates or a new version. Mika responded to my email stating they are no longer developing for android because of the mass amount of different hardware in android devices. Really did love the game.
It dose not work All th makeup is disapering. It is so glitchy please fix
Crap Since upgrading it says WC stations don't exist
Awful Should be free. I get more NOAA weather stations on other radio apps. Stations where severe weather is current will NOT work at all
Tutorial bug The tutorial says there is a monster that appears but nothing appears how do I fix this or is this a known bug 
Text too small As above, text boxes seem optimised for tablets or PC's. On my 5 Sony Xperia the text is way too small for me to read.
Are u guys crazy Can't enjoy the game coz of too many add pop up's,,, I gave 4 star before  now it's reduced to 1
Takes forever to load Way too much lag compared to other angry birds. Takes up way more space too.  All around worst angry birds in every way.
doesnt work
Bhangar game It is the worst aap in the world .dont download this app
7 times out of 10 u get rihht to the end of a  run  and what happens A flaming ad pops up. VERY ANJOYING  UNINSTALLING NOW
It will NOT update. Won't allow me to play without updating.  Why can't you.just leave it as it was. I've Uninstaller  tried to reinstall several times only to have the same issue.  Not impressed at all at this point.
Not made for phones Fun game on a tablet BUT this is not made for phones. You can't use the interface because most of the buttons are so small
Wild life count down Paid for app. And it. Stopped working ad soon as downloafed
Extremely cheap The game used to be much more generous with wins  now wins are very few and far between,  and very minimal.   You lose money very quickly.
this game is awesome but after update not open  pls fix this after update not working
Useless Downloads but does not open.
Update Crashed everything Can't even Mock Draft.....Says not opened.
It sucks I keep losing and keeps freezing
First its fun but nows a prob I tried to coutine the game but it doesn't work I tap EVERYTHING nothing works plz fix so I can rate 5 stars
Crap It just navigates to all other sites with updates. Lives off bomb and sky news. Pffft
app problem I have lost 3lac due to app problem.... When I have  selected tournament the table is got getting  connected.... After  few mins my money is deducted......... Please improve the efficiency
Won't let me sign in Keeps telling my Email address is wrong after verifying the acount VIA MY EMAIL ADDRESS
Update. And now my music for my alarm is gone
Will not open Game crashes every time I try to open it. Playing on a new HTC One M8
Stupid I downloaded this for my tablet and you have to pay 7.99 for 100 songs.I get that but at least give me 30 for free 
Lies It's a lying app, there is no laser that shoots out of your phone. It's a great app if you're scared of real lasers and always wanted to try one.
I am unable to switch alarms. Once I chose Reveille it got stuck in a loop. Even after uninstalling and reinstalling no matter which alarm I chose it would play Reveille.
Dissapointed Most calls are of poor quality and than I have to make another call on a mobile network to complete the conversation. Less than 20  of successful calls.
Refund.. Downloaded as looked fun on friends phone.. but game will not boot up or start at all
I did the whole thing in less than 30 minutes Seriously All that for nothing Incredibly boring.
Pop up ads While the content is decent enough, i cannot leave my child alone with this app because the popup ads take her to download screens.
Bad.. Dont waste mp   bad game
Come on It took a long time to load. Then I said to my self I could finally play but no ooh I started loading in the game. It took like 30 minutes  to just go to 37. This game is horrible.
Update messed up this app Cutting off wake up paths doesn't work, auto hibernation disabled on random occasions, frequently crashing... i was in love with this app untill it was updated to this crap.. fix this... ASAP
Purchased trial of this app today to use with Smart Link in my new car, but it  doesn't work at all . Message on phone says that license has expired.  Not keen to buy full app at all
Damn pop ups This is for children and damn pop ups are regular. Ad more features to the app and sell it for a few bucks. some Arab app download pop up B.S
New update making app crash App is crashing wide open since the update. I don't care what's popular or has a ton of likes, I want my news feed in order without all the crap. This app is now juicing my battery at a rediculous rate. Fix or delete.
New levels crash My rating has gone down  the Calling all agents levels crash on 3 and 4 making the game not playable. I am really disappointed this has taken so long to address .... and likely the last of the series I will support.
Lots of Ad's App contains hell lots of ad's even if we selecting some options automatically add will pop up. Agreed that this is free app and ad's should be there but these are lots of ad's i think i have downloaded an ad application
Takes toooo much time to start It takes more than two minutes to start. Not gonna wait that long for it.
problemas no som de voz. depois de 3 dias de uso o som da voz do navegador simplesmente sumiu, mesmo com volume no maximo, a musica para, fazendo com que o navegador fale, mas o som nao sai. Alguem teve este problema
Where to earn those coins.. Where to earn 25000 coins now for next bow. Leave the other upgrades. Also daily bonus is very low. Make this game interesting by improved coin collection.
does not work in slow net.. Always get erorr 700 and after evry move turn off internet you will be win
STUPID GAME can't GET PAST THE FIRST LEVEL YOU CAN'T JUMP HIGH                            
Machetes... What good is a free game that you can't play cause you have to BUY STUFF Uninstalled At least you get a clam a day on family guy geeeez
Hard to play on phone galaxy s4 Very difficult to play for someone with average sized fingers. Nothing seems to click or acknowledge my press. Game uninsulated would like a refund
Nice
Delays Have tried a few thinks think you are better off getting mics
Junk Not good
A waste of time...great idea...pathetic function
Wooooow... Screw you all it dosn't even open this is the dumbest app ever
Nice Good game fun but keeps on saying rate after I rate
Login issue I hope u can fix the av issue since I can't change my old account name anymore thnx
Doesn't work This app immediately closes. I have purchased all the pets and now my daughter can't play it.
Recording blank files Fix ASAP Error at call start ' Cannot record Please check if another application is trying to record at the same time.'  Fix ASAP
WTH......I'm still waiting on a jackpot. I don't play as much as I use to play. All those around me hit the jackpot. I've been blackballed  least it feels that way. This was my favorite game..
Hated it It doesn't work I have tried to but it gust won't work
Since update not running on any of 3 different devices. No support.
Fun game but I bought coins and I've got everything,  I would advise any 1 who gets this app not to buy more than 50 000 coins as you won't have anything to spend them on as there is not many cars and maps
Paid app nags to install other apps Every time you start it
hate  it when I get on the  stupid  game  it shows  a black  screen  and  it won't  load

Refund needed This game keeps forclosing smh....uninstalled since I can't play it fully plz contact me.
Waste of 4 months People attack u  wipe out ur entire army u built for 4 months in seconds. WASTE OF TIME playing  GREEDY Money Hungry developers Tap4bug sucks They don't care they just want ur  Yeah Great Game Guys
Piece of crap Every time I play a game it always exits. What's the point in getting a game if it can't be played. This is the second stickman game from this company that don't work. Fix it and I'll download again.
 Uninstalled I just downloaded and I've enjoyed so far Will let you know more. Well I'm back and it's not good It won't let me log on to facebook Please fix this and I'll change back to 5 
Stupid Game is stupid too many foul balls and very hard to hit waste of money don't buy this game
Fix the bug plz Game hangs after few rounds. This issue started after upgrading nexus 4 to android 5.1. The game is good. Plz fix the iszue
iOS Interface on Android The app is OK, but it's iOS interface is very out of place on my phone.
Can not install on galaxy tab 4 7.0
Keeps hanging Keeps hanging, then isnt responding, n even puts me in the wrong location and I have to keep changing the search location. Why the hell am I in MY when I am in SG. Seriously
Ok .tidak membosankan
Navigation Used to work good, now can't get the voice to work. Used it yesterday and it froze, got lost.
Nt good Touch response is really bad...needs improvement
Won't let me play online It says your google play account has stopt of you fix I will rate five stars
stevenhay39yahoo.co.uk disappointed in having to pay for this app after the 30 day trial period this should come free of charge when purchased with the a new vauxhall corsa paying 14k for a car without the sat navigation installed
I've already paid for the game. Why should I have to pay again for one silly level Would've given it 5 stars if it wasn't for that. It's ridiculous and underhanded.
Bug  slow on samsung The game runs at perfect speed first but then it starts lagging when im turning my face from one light to the other. Plus the app exits on its own after a good 3050 seconds please fix
Iritating After the first the case you have pay for things, or you will have to wait untill 19 hours to finish analysis
Note 4 Doesn't work on note 4 still.
Good on ios not on android Issues with validity of TAFs or says unavailable or loads lots of the incorrect ones  Not working at all on android  Bad to worse
Good. But... Only xylophone is free. The other instrument you have to pay to play.
Why I can't download it It downloads to 99 amd then say couldn't download due to error 902..
Started to download 134 songs. 16 songs downloaded in 5 minutes though I have fast fibre, will take all night till finishes. I want to play when I open the app not look at a progressbar. And there's no cancel. Uninstalling.
constant bufferring after last update app just started constantly bufferring streams that i'm watching can't even watch 5 minutes withhout sudden freeze...
Laggy, freezes up Don't waste your money on this. Very laggy and the pc server freezes constantly. I want a refund.
good
Glaxy Note 4 Aftet my earlier 5 stars rating, and after update, I am getting could not connect, please try again. The same message is repeated even when reinstalling the application.
Loggy I really want to play this game but its to slow to load and if i am going to register it says that invalid email im so dissapointed if you fix this game i will change my rate pls.... Fix this i really love HTTYD    
Move the ads thn the app wll hve more stars
Lag DROID RAZR maxx ice cream sandwich Would be a great game with no lag.  Unfortunately timing is everything in this game so the lag ruins all of the fun.  I hope the issue is fixed, fun game
Painting and drawing for kids Unusable unless paying hopefully.
Can't share to tumblr I use we heart it only for finding pictures for tumblr, and it won't share, it only shows a white screen when i share it.
Keeps freezing up.  Not fun when you have to keep starting over.
Trash  This app jacked up before the last upgrade. Supposedly I lost ALL followers but really it might have been due to some bugs and really all the followers were still there.
Doesn't work on Sony z3 Will not allow you to scroll across to manage your property or select any of the locations. don't bother wasting your time
Tried to play But the game won't go past the home screen and then I tried to uninstall pretty much immediately and it didn't refund my money...bad business
please make more levels
I paid for the game and I can't even open the doc to get tape out of fix please I just wasted money on this games won't do that again deleted
WHAT THE HELL Dosen't this game even WORK
please fix clock does not work
Can't Progress The personal picture you put in will not work whenever I try to buy it and put I in the picture it just takes me back to Google play. Will give 5 star a once this is fixed.
Again the game froze brought me back to the 1st hole and won't let me sign in Facebook and let go to the hole I'm at please fix it
Great game but lost my money Love the game but bought silver and never got it even though they took my money emailed support but haven't heard anything back and it has been over 24 hrs. To bad really enjoyed the game till they just took my money.
Fake Not work
There's some issues with GPS. It's not connecting.
Rockstar help Please fix I start the game everything works like the intro but after the screen just blacks out and that's it please fix its a paid app and I would expect better from such a big company 1 star until fixed.
Ooh no I don't know why I gave 5 star Every time I start  unfortunately pixlemon has stopped 
Not my thing It's really boring and I think you don't deserve one star you deserve 0 stars I hate this game.
Not great It looks cute but it's over priced considering the value there isn't much for them to do butyet takes up a lotof space.
Crushed crushed crushed This game was one of the best in the store,,  now nothing more than a big disappointed,,  specially after the last update.
Too many bugs
I HATE IT I hate it because it would not even load SO SO SO SO SO SO SO SO BAD
The new version I don't like the new version now,  everytime I copy paste a verse there's a ULR that poop out. Dislike it..  I like the older one.
Issues since last update Playstation controller now won't work properly. Three buttons control jump and can't sprint or kick. Have tried reseting controls but no joy. Sony xperia z2
My baby cousin love it very a lot I  mean alot
C'mon what the freak, it keeps crashing and I'm on level 112. SERIOUSLY That said, its very entertaining,the one star is because of the crashing
Rolings sevens all the time. If i bet with 25 chips, then game is normal. If I have a 100 and 25 chip on the table I roll seven 4 of of 5 rolls. Something is wrong, refunding.
Game spoiler Your advertisements spoil the game for me . These advertisements are getting worse, they are averaging evey 10  15 seconds, less of them please. Still can't get to some of the neighbours villges
Please make it better It would be better if you get more stuff for free with out buying it even if it is one of the cakes
When I downloaded a app it did not give me 100 coins
Gin Rummy There is no skill required and the deck is stacked against the player of the game.
Zero stars It keeps kicking me out of the game and when I first downloaded it it was fine now its the second download and one of the updates are probably doing this.
HTC evo 4g Got to rank 15 and now it won't open. For how much I paid this should not be happening. An error pops up and says heap O memory is out...
Unfiar Hated it i wanted a refund under 1 hour and they did not give me it every one rate 1star come on guys
Doesn't focus no flash On a nexus 4. Pictures are blurry and using flash freezes app. Phone works fine with Google camera so hardware isn't to blame. Would really like a refund.
Hate it This game is so lame the control are so messed up and you never get to win the shit
Eh It's sweet to see all the pets feel better at the end ' I'm an animal lover' but other than that this game is soo boring, lame and stupid. Toca boca creators please make this free so people don't have to waste there money
This game rocks 
Used to be good for showbox. This app is now a total nightmare. Video buffers every 5 seconds, and if you are using it with showbox it a total waste of time now..... Anyone know of another app that plays showbox videos and can cast them to your telly
Updating Okay but it needs to automatically update like other stations do not worth buying
Waste of money I drove from West wales to Essex and had nothing show at all. Absolute waste of money. Would Not Recommend at all.
G2 Didn't work on G2 for sprint. LS980
Rubbish Does not work with the Holden Colorado.
All of a sudden no trips are shown. Poor app. Shows different speeds to the tracking device already in my car
Reader I loaded it up and was ready to enjoy some manga and comics and then I realized it had nothing. even searching or trying to download sone but no, i got nothing
Time selection problem It's not user friendly and error prone. Also, even after selecting pick up location properly, it got changed after booking was confirmed.
            
Downloads don't work Get your shite together disney.
Bad game.... The graphics is bad and the controlling is not good
Every time the game updates I lose the ability to tilt to collect the coins on the sides and if I get to a huge gap I die coz I can't jump far enough to keep running
Not good at all Purchased long hair finn then reseted my phone and now its all gone. thanks obama
Lullaby ads Good luck trying to get any sleep with the occasional ad popping in and making noise. Just a moneymaking scam....
... I paused the game and when i was trying to get back to my previous game and it wouldnt let me in untill i rated it.
Really Pop up ads are just irritating. ..only 6 rounds before u make it impossible to go any further...just stupid...almost as bad as actually playing for some stupid tickets....Uninstalled
Game will not play.
The producer has gone back to 2014 by a time machine. He should be creating Real Cricket 2015... Rather than updating Real Cricket 2014 more..
Very bad notesion very bad hopeless aap
Erroneous translation Can't translate a sentence perfectly. Either wrong or incomplete translation. Good for translating a word. But again for it we don't need any app.
Won't Open Crashes on launch on Nexus 9.
Very bad It strucks...every tym while I am playing it strucks....am uninstallin it...plzzzzz dnt download
Waiting for update... again Well, at least the lag is gone. Buildings are not saved. Went to cave, came back out. Everything i constructed was gone.
This game is the GREEDIEST GAME OF ALL TIME Everything costs money. NOTHING free about it. ENDLESS in app PURCHASES. Loved it at first. Would like to keep loving it. Not going to happen. Goodbye.
What happened App doesnt work cant get to the FJR forum please fix or  send back my money
kuch bhi nya nhi hi is app me .. kam se kam 10 bar app download ko  mcent  se  1 bar bhi 1 paisa nhi dya..  kamino nee.. fake promote kr rhe hi isko..
I didn't know I didn't know that after one chapter they continuously push for you to become a member and pay them. I don't have the money for this. That's why I've rated it the way I did. Its annoying. Uninstalling immediately.
The amount of ads is incredible. Every single time you finish a turn an ads pops up... gets on my nerves Shame as it's a nice game.
Game is a joke Whatever numbers you are not on will roll to an extreme. Why would they do that Makes the game stupid and unplayable. Don't waste your money.
Updated.. App doesnt work after update Worked until updated app. After updating app, chose to not record anything since the 6th of 2014..
Make BBM moveable to SD card Please you guys should make bbm moveable to sd card. Its consuming all my space and i will soon have to uninstall it.
It's drawing is not goodnight
Latest version Pathetic  Quality absolutely degraded.  Can't even see immediate  past few days history  etc etc,  sick app now.
Bugs Bugs and Ads So many bugs, game unresponsive at strokeplay, wrong scores of batsmen getting out, wrong names...its full of bugs everywhere ... and so many ads.
Irritating app....... It saying Unable to load question Please help.
Best
Fun but... It kept crashing and shutting down fix this and I will rate 5 stars.
5 dollars a month I can't believe that this service is gonna cost me 5 dollars a month. It is not right. That's almost the same amount I pay for my Netflix suscription. I'm gonna enjoy it for this first month and then UNISTALL IT.
This is actually so bad I can't sign in with my Google account and there's no sign of them supporting the AR feature anymore Very disappointed, invest more in your developers you pigs
You can't play offline I can't play offline and that's why I got it.  I would like a refund ASAP.
Can someone tell me how to play this... I can't move my fruits, may be you should try to develop the game with vegetables next time.......Uninstalling
Cannot find me So what do I need to do to get this working Are you going to reimburse me my vitality points I lost for trying to make your dumb app work
Good
HATED IT I dont like this game because when you dress her up her face looks nothing like you did it so dumb i wouldn't get it 
Will not open since Bristol trails downloaded 
it lags as hell please lower the mem usage of the game it lags as hell after sometine of player why this is not happening in the earlier patches. please fix maam sir
Won't load The app won't load on my Nexus 5 fix it
Rip off After I noticed the insane prices on new content and classes I refunded immediately... I bet, out of those 5k people who payed for the game at least 80 did the same...
Title search If you can not search for show what is the point Allow me to search for my show. It must allow me to select my bouquet as well so that I can see show I can actually watch
FIX IT I can't play ANYONE PLEASE FIX IT. THIS IS RIDICULOUS I can not believe I paid for this..  will someone please contact me..... I have Uninstaller and reinstalled FOUR times
My rating used to be 5 stars... For some reason the articles never show up when I click on them now. They just show the loading icon and nothing ever happens.
Nice Fine it is
Installation was not simple.  gave up rather than waste my time
Poor A poor game all round, needs alot of work doing to it to compete with other  similar games
Had to taste 2 stars to review This is crap  You can't use satellite to view maps   and u can't see history either.  I keep track at all of the person.  This sucks  Waste of time
Terrible So this game only gives me videos and musics Nothing else I thought it was about styling our own barbie dolls not only opening web pages
Awful App is awful, a waste of time, it now won't let me uninstall it's slowed my phone right down. I've took it into Vodafone and not even they can deactivate the app. Absolutely appalling
Its  pure rubbish Who ever programmed this wasn't using half of their brain,what's the point of creating a game if win or progress    Horrible waste of   my time. Uninstalled it within 15 min of playing
Neo x8 fix needed to update Aaaahhh what have u done  Update killed my minix  Blank screen and reboot  fix it fix it fix it fix it fix it  D
Hate it That's not the right way to play.
Wont let me play Been playing this game for ages now all of a sudden wont load the game up. Just keeps closing automatically. After paying for this game i expect  to be able to atleast play it
Force close This used to be my favorite game. I would play it for hours to past the time but now I can't even get it yo work past one run. Sometimes it even force closes as soon as I go into the app. This is horrible
Why can't you take all your chips no matter which place in the app you want to go play. I went to the Texas holdem table and only had access to a lousy 100 chips. WTF IS THE POINT, SERIOUSLY 
aaaaaaaaa so irritating bad game when i was about to win a match it says error and all the time irritating adds
It stinks We never get the ball from the oponents.....and bad graphics to describe the football match and players . You have to fix a lot of things  to upgrade things AND GOOD LUCK WITH THAT .
Poor interface but plays chess well I think it needs a lot of improvements to the interface.
Only works on internal list of forums. Does not work on amy forum, please refund my purchase
Fadooo Bad bad
Nice Nmrl
Won't install I tried to install this on a gs5 and a Toshiba tablet,  and the download failed multiple times on both devices.
Works 20 of the time Always shows an error and won't play movies no matter in what format even mp4, also won't show everything that is downloaded on my HTC one
Missing Features Instead of new design I need features like watching activities of others on my account and play Vine and Instagram Videos.
Spider solitaire Flashing ads really annoying and no options of higher levels of play,
Really lousey Caillou is a 2 year old I couldn't do these puzzles
Does not came I downloaded this game on Tuesday I uesd 230MB in downloading this and,but when I start it loading when it finishes,nothing cames so please fix it for me and I will give you five stars
Not opening.  Tried several times,, always shows error
Like it but won't close I can't close the app. I am having to hit the home button to get out of the app. This wasn't a problem until the last update. Is there a way this can be fixed
Worthless Give a dollar to charity  don't waste it on this  doesn't work.
Connection Problem It will not connect to the internet while there is a connection, leading to the retry connection screen. This needs to be fixed. The game looks interesting, just need to get past that point of problems with this game.
Error 905 Had to do factory reset of the phone, now Fifa 15 won't download due to error 905. Thought it might be due to the Android Web view update, so I Uninstalled that It worked last time I tried but now that doesn't even work.
St Louis Not working
Unable to connect 2 Please fix bugs Chromecast streaming. Unable to connect
Crash Crashes with my galaxy s5
Bra, men sluta be mig reviewa heeeeeeela tiden
It updated but it still crashes before app fully opens
cant play game has a monkey with the hoodie defiant thing and then goes black and  says sorry game has unfortunately stopped plz fix
It's ok but... Too many freaking pop ups
Constantly crashing I still can't play this game all it's good at is crashing.
Weird When u open the app it doesn't look at all what the pictures show it to be
bug hello. I already download the offer.  now I have 9 download slot. but every time I try to download some new manga. it says that the slot is full. but its only 79 downloaded. please fix this bug. I can't enjoy reading manga
No This game didn't work for me
Love the real virtual dj This is a piece of sht
Not accurate. It's not very accurate at all.. It's usually backwards, or it shows the sky at a 90 angle, east where north is, north is west ect. I've had it for a while, and only a few times it has been accurate.
Hated It. Tried using it, nothing. Nothing worked. I tried everything. By the time I realised nothing worked, NO REFUND.
Cant play this anymore everything is full as soon as you go on its stupid this is the worse farm game I have played you cant sell anything noone seems interested top farm best of all of them brilliant farm game.
Good game but.. It is stalling a lot now, slows down too much. Can it be fixed or is it because of my phone Anyone else have that problem
Poor rep service Your google team suks They dnt resolve issues adding debit cards...im deleting this and  google account..
Aweome The app is ok just hope that it's given the accurate result.
Yah I too hated it The videos which they are showing we can also find them on YOUTUBE
very bad i can't download the extra content even though i have 6 GB free, fast wifi and i gave it 7 hours still at 18
Cannot  view  video cuz  of  location Am  in  Mauritius
Sucks Game forces you to pay for gems once you get so far and there is no way to get free gems. You also have no way to delete a building or anything else if you want to get rid of something.
Hichi 
BROKE My daughter loved this app but it No longer works on my daughters Samsung galaxy tab S Very disappointed 
So I bought some packs and waited for them to download and afterwards I had no access to them
Too much childish game... i just wasted my time... huhh...
Great game with bad service I can guarantee you everytime you update,  it will broke something..  The game itself is incredible, so you know what is bad..
Great Game, when it worked I have received a license error and I have tryed all suggested fixes but nothing is working.
Takes too long to load Can't seem to get app to open... takes way too long to load.
Never download this game. This game is really shit
Ads asking if my child is single F this app, deleted instantly Ads asking if my child is single F this app, deleted instantly
No map
Praveen I like that game I like race games
Pete No longer working properly. Was a previous favourite.
Not Reliable after all Very unreliable I had booked a trip and got canceled last minute. Don't rely on this app. They can change your order as they please and wont do anything to help the customer
Will not work Bought this for my son, and there is only audio and no graphics. I have emailed support and as yet no response. Such a shame really
Doesn't work. Tried to use it three times no sucess. Don't waste your .99 cents
3d bowling Its so bad i managed to get it in the middle but it always has one two or three left standing
Does not work Downloaded does not work
Xime L The app is good but first it doesn't connect correctly then when you get in the results take quite of time to be posted
Sucks It lags to much it doesn't even let me punch
Moth Too buggy to deal with.  Keeps crashing... At first it only crashed a few times per day, now it won't run at all.
Good but has some issues I enjoy the game, but the chat gets full and there is no function to clear it  and once it is full no new messages will populate.  If the data is lost you cannot retrieve the player code as the button does nothing
Bonus taken away I purchased the hat upgrade and it stopped working in less than 24 hours. I paid money for it and I would like the upgrade back. I will rerate this app if and when I get what I have paid for.
No choice on refund Installed didnt work went to refund in google store just said uninstall very dispointed plus cant contact company terrible customer service wont use these again
Too difficult Gameplayvis nice, graphics are very nice but the AI is way to hard to beat seems like every other at nat they get a HR I have yet to get a HR can barely get on base
Ads interrupt Too many pop up ads The app is nice. Remove ads for more stars.
Not worth it don't get it U have to buy everything everything is locked
Very disappointing. ..fix it Was all the way done with game waiting for new levels...now I have to start all over again...lost everything
Worst app ever used. Download only if u hav 2.19 mb to waste
Awesome love it so so so much  I did love it but it just shut down on me now i hate it only get two stars  BTW this is my moms account
Totally incorrect load shedding info for drakenstein area.
Events, Events, Events Where is the event Kabam did you give up on us already
Recent crash issues Was a 4 star...  keeps crashing and locking everything up.  When it works it's as  accurate as anything we have tried and good range of view options
Error message Error Marmalade v6.06  Exception occurred in glinit. Cant even go past ea screen..   galaxy s5 user
Micromax A315 Faltu kabhi download mat karna
Laggy and bad graphics None of the animations are fluid. The game looks like its running at like 10fps. Also, the textures are a very low resolution and look pixilated.
Not authorized for use on my tablet Sucks, when I open the game it just says not authorized for use on this android device. Tablet z. Why not A game like this is much more fun on a tablet than on a phone.
Ok Half of them are locked
Love this game but..... I love playing this game but since yesterday the game won't load at all. It keeps saying that I have no internet connection and clearly I have one since I'm able to rate this.
The apple part is hard I thought it was ok but it was not but the rest is ok OH NO
Weak Ps photo is way better
Bad Nothing good
Really Keeps shutting off after every level finished. Just takes me back to my home screen.
Laggy For a game as simple as this, i should not have to deal with 15 crashes everytime I want to play a game
Copied UI of the ICC CWC 2015 App. Material UI is very poor for the Richest Cricket boards official android app..And it seems to b waste most of the times as its not possible to refresh the content neither any interesting UI...
Man what happened.... Use this app all the time for when I do billboard installs. Keeps reverting to auckland... Be alright if I didnt live in Hamilton... Super frustrating
Good but glitchy It's very glitchy graphics wise it the graphics going all wrong and freaking out and jumping out everywhere
Shame  Please update your app to improve performance  graphics. Also when you buy an app you should put away advertising  Last update 1 year ago  How is it possible Do something
brain pop Jr. i tried to download it but it did in,t work don't down load it
Im not happy that it wont open..keeps saying no connection and im not about to start over again because I bought a lot of those stars and I can't change my clothes in keeps force closing
Wont let me open It let me open it for the last two weeks. Now it just says loading assets then proceeds to say unfortunately it has stopped. I have reported it 3 times and no change. I'm uninstalling. Fix it and I will definitely install again.
Down Hill Was such a good game with smooth graphics but since recent updates graphics are patchy some daily missions won't load and targets don't appear in some games as it times out. Please fix these bugs.
Terrible Dont waste your time.
Worst game Always hang up and time out
Login Screen freezes logging in. Won't open, had to uninstall, reinstall...worked once and now will not login again. Disappointed
Hate it When I get to this 1 spot it does that one thing would you like to report this gamethis game is stupid never get it
Love the game but it lacks multilayer One of my favourite games here and in board version. I was happy to see a 3.0 update but then got greatly disappointed by the lack of multilayer. What's with the android version that it can't have a multilayer
Share function missing from the menu Accessed the menu from the recents button but the share option is missing.
Npc cars The other cars are just horrible I stop because a car is in front and a diffrent car just comes crashi g into me Make the cars smarter and ill do 5 stars but for now uninstall.
Very aggravating when u try to log in and it kicks u off everytime. Getting really old ..then they tell me it's my fault Don't think so I love the game ..WHEN it works Otherwise it sucks anymore Fix UR problem tinyco
I don't like it To me,it's not fun.It's like playing Dumb Ways to Die.And to say, I like to play that rather than playing this game.So lousy.......
Bulllllllshit The shit graphics and take lot time to start do hell with ur shit game... Dont download this shit....
No scorecard or ability to add Gps seemed to work well but even though it had the course it did not have the scorecard or even the ability to add it so it wasn't very useful for using during the round.
Don't down load it Its a boring game and the screen is so little that you can't even see what you're doing.
Paid app So I bought the game yet if I want to advance to the third season without having to complete the first two I need to pay again I changed phones, so I need to complete everything again What did I pay for if I still get ads
Connection Problem I can't ever play the game cause theirs a connection problem
Tweets take a long time to post Not sure why, whenever I use a WiFi connection, the tweets take a long time to post. The timeline gets refreshed at the same time.
EDIT BASE NEEDED  no one lesson to me...1 star
Not working Sent email havent heard back to why i am to repay for the app to work in a new car.
Bad Horrible
Can't log in UPDATE game won't let me log in for at least a week. Keep trying to log in andvevery time I tap the tap here to play screen, it generates a new start screen. Sorry to my league for not being able to log on. This sucks.
Don't work It don't work I only can tap one thing really DO NOT INSTALL THIS APP HATE THIS NONONONO DO NOT INSTALL
Don't download.   The game can't open. The first page is repeating and not open to play.
Ads Can't play one level without a add popping up before it starts or before it finishes. Rather play the fake CTR games and sacrifice the originality then play this. DON'T BOTHER GUYS, IT WON'T BE FUN.
Useless Useless game I have ever seen Just wastage of Internet Data And Time.
Months of waiting After months of playing, still no quest for stone. Maybe this is an option for paying customers I'm tired of logging in just to do the same thing everyday.
Well Son loves this game but once purchased it won't load. Please fix
Where is it
Horble it dose not even say anything when you pick up
Works ok. Not worth 6.99. Kids will loose races.. hard to win
Imprecisa Molto imprecisa...
Bad parts It's gay as he'll that you spend a g or more on parts and everything is soooo spendy so change that or give ppl more money and I will reinstall. Definitely uninstalling.
Have great GPS here but these offline don't do it for me
VERGOGNA Avete praticamente rubato il dominio del vostro sito al famoso progetto ibrido Phone e Tablet, appunto paranoidandroid . Pi volte ho sollecitato via e mail senza alcuna vostra risposta.
Not good It should have more games my niece gets bored even when she plays all of the games
No longer working My daughter used to love playing this game, but since my Samsung Galaxy tab S tablet has been updated to Lollipop, this app no longer works. It starts up, gets to the splash and then crashes....please fix
Fix the Android Lollipop Ever since I upgraded to Lollipop and the app is slow as hell, and the game freezes most of the time and I have to restart my phone... You guys really need to fix this.
Not fun In some Leal's you get stock and can't pass at all. It gets u angry. Don't install. Stooped game. Not fun and boring. Worse game ever fauvk the game. Not full version too. Fauck
Rubbish This is crap
WORSE GAME EVER HOW STUPID IS THIS GAME Hate it ever time I go on the app at always say there's an arror stupid I can't want to tell my lawyer and Sue
Ads and IAPs Full screen pop up ads right after starting app, and requests for in app payments on the main game selection screen. This is not suitable for children.
Horrible Slow. Horrible interfaces. Bus tracker is inefficient and slow. Nothing makes sense and it looks like crap. The only good this are the gautrain notifications.
Update crashed it Great game until this last update ... It did literally the opposite of what it said now it will not load at all. UPDATE.I am no longer able to press play or anything else. Uninstalled and re installed issue still there
Major glitch , incomplete Take a silver sled with a pocket rocket will not work for my galaxy 3 and many other phones please fix , can't complete star  Still doesn't work after update
Ai reach is ridiculous The ai would be hitting me then I wouldn't be able to hit back at all this is my only problem with this game
.It isnt working anymore The game is awesome but there seems to be some problem with it seeing as it opens fine but when i choose the stage it closes. Fix this.
Its notbworking It used to work 5 stars all of the sudden i get the msg unfortuanatly dominoes stpped working, uninstalled an installed again still the same msg, pls fix it
Yet another Marvell game that doesn't work Force close before I can get into the app. Android One M8. Would love to play it though
How do I park
Adams Always no space
Too many adds I like the game, but can't stand all the video adds that use massive amounts of data. Can't turn it to airplane mode because I need access for work. Remove some adds and I'll 're install the game. For now, I'm uninstalling.
Levels not loading properly Level F14 feather stages doesn't actually load the 4th pig, making it so I can NEVER get 3 stars on that particular level. Please fix
I hate it If i can give 0 star for this i will. I open it and it will close by it self
Charged Twice My account statement says I was charged twice for this app. Its great, and will give 5 stars once my issue is resolved.
Worst service Booked 2 rides 10hrs in advance. Not even a single cab came. Got the driver contact details for the ride but at the last moment they said the cab is break down. If u completely depend on this cab u will be in trouble....
Problem installing Issues with kitkat and restrictions using SD card to install. Please update
It's fun but costs money to win big battles. The prices start out low for beginners and gets even more expensive the higher you get.
Do not download
Machete It wasted my time cant get anymore machetes to continue the game unless spend real cash... nah its all money money money... cant just enjoy a normal game
Crap Odds off winning are 41 percent with this strategy don't waste the time or money.
What is this this game is good but we only have thomas.we can not buy any other train,they always ask money for it.fix it than 5 stars
I liked the original I've always loved the game snake. Its one of my favorites. But I'm deleting this game because the controls are too difficult and at least for me they don't work properly.
scam i paid for the app  but now when i open it stated unlicensed n force close. what is this u tell me totally unreliable
No help section for the moves or rules.didn't know how to play
Widget Bought the widget, and it never loaded up on my phone. Then I uninstalled the widget, and waited a few days reloaded agn, and it still doesn't load. The app works fine. Please fix the widget.
Okay Well um it's a really good game but every time you play with a computer they always cheat so when its there turn the always give them free turns and not me that's why I loss and the ads are really making me mad so plz fix all of it
The game is great but it won't let me sign in next day to play all I get is toy blast has stopped working once I send a report in it lets me play but next time I can't play again
Is me paehle jaisa nahi he . ihated it
Don't work  for distance more than 100 kms .
Okay The game is good but the update system is horrible. I upgrade the bike and if I was to select, select a bike all of my upgrades are gone and the game money is gone.
Very poor app. Crikey, for the quantity and quality of the app it should be free. Buggr all content,  Buggr all towns, Buggr all depth anywhere actually. This weeks forecasts for my city goes M, T, W, Th, S, Su Ummm DOH what happened to Friday
Even one sound don't matches
Shit of a game Wastage of time and data
Disliked it It is a good game but the speed of coin moving is too slow  only by that reason I gave only one star
Ok but The game has some pictures that unless you play alot of old games your not going to pass without the worthless coins. And im talking about level 21. Also can someone tell me plez and thx
Blegh Good game, but requires constant internet, so no play on the go for some
Love lacrosse I love lacrosse but this game is horrible not worth the money I paid. I hope the console game is better because you can't win I threw my phone in the first game it's so bad
Now the game is to big After the last update the game is to big for my phone and I can not adjust size so I can play please fix this problem thank you
Few bugs. Should be more accessible and balanced for casual players. Few bugs. Should be more accessible and balanced for casual players.
Seriously flawed My daughter is 5 and she said it was boring And there are ads all the time, even if you press the back button the same ad plays over again and again.
jickon nath
Keep to free one Licence check failed I'm glad I paid for something I can't use
Still waiting for those big changes The dev keeps saying big changes coming but all we get is force closes.
Hate this game Because it kicks you. Out of the game
Update is not working Since i upgraded the app is not working at all. It just freezes. Fix this please or put it back to the way it was before.
Boring. Do not installed this app. It takes long time to start.
Not good Why do I  need a premium subscription if it is free on ios
Worst game ever There was nothing to do in the game. There was 1 ugly girl to use, a few objects that were hideous and you had to pay for all the good stuff. So just to be clear , this is the worst game ever
Des crotte des cochon N'est pas disponible dans tous les pays
Porn Loved it until a pornographic ad popped up, then anothet...no thanks. Uninstalling. Thank God my kid wasn't using this seemingly family friendly app.
Doesn't work The home screen just loads continuously.
Bakwas hai
It has already started glitching
Doesn't even start Just flashes powered by unity over and over again
Not liking it The game wouldnt load enough for me to even make an account or let me sogn os a giest. Mind you this is first time playing the game
payment does not work.. paygate  not active
Watse kak is die
DOnt bother I want me money back
My sweet baby girl A very nice game
Grrr, usually great but... Updated phone and lost all progress... Please help
Does not work in my Galaxy s5 I have installed on my kit Kat 4.4.2 version but does not work It give me massage that update the new version. So I am trying to update the new version but can't I have used this application b4 It was good
Didnt earn my xoins I just played the best hole of my life. 40 foot putt and all. Leveled up twice on one hole. Should of won like 300 coins or something.....and then noticed i didnt get any of them. Not happy. Player name is MilkySwagger
Blurry pics on galaxy s4 I just can't get this app to focus.. The native camera app on my s4 is fast better.
it sucks what the fuck is this app it crashed and stopped when i opened it. DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME
wrong its daft, you gentle tap your ball and it say foul like a stuborn five year old.
Kooky. Looks great, but no substance, nothing works properly. Considering the money surfing is generating, a half assed, glitchy app is unacceptable, lucky for FOXTEL.  Lame effort, I'm going surfing instead.
Can't open it The app will not open. Can't play it. Will update if issue is fixed
Doesn't work want refund
Sucks It wouldn't let me turn it would only let me go left and I wasn't even controlling it
Tumhari MAA KI CHUT, yeh kya chutiyapaa lga rakha hai Dont install, such a waste of time
Can't open app since upgrading my phone Used to have Samsung Galaxy Note 2 and it worked fine. Now I have a Samsung Galaxy S6 and the app won't even open.
No, just no. Don't like it. Tediously boring. Give me back my money.
Doesn't save or print I paid for the special pictures and it neither saves them to the camera roll nor prints to my printer. DO NOT PAY FOR THE PICTURES. another poor port from Apple to Android. Very disappointed.
Is usless The car doesn't want to move
What the Last update, all it would show is a black screen..... This update, it starts up with a black screen and a message that says can't play video Please fix this issue
Add Maharashtra vehicle info too
Lost all progress Played for a couple weeks then today I opened the game to find all progress lost and I'm back to the stone age with no buildings or territory. Uninstalled it immediately. What a waste of time.
Not liking much Try to sync it with other apps ie Facebook and it says can not complete action not happy Please fix I have a samsung galaxy s3.
What to do What we have to do when they get married in church and the girl touches the rose please reply within 5 days other wise il uninstall this app and there should not be bug fixes
Very poor game..
Nickelodeon commercial issue Please fix Nickelodeon commercial hanging up, won't skip, or finish. Only fix is to Force Stop.
Sick game I loved it it does fix viruses trust me
Waste of time and money Won't even work When I pushed refund, it said couldn't complete refund Don't waste ur time on this people U can get it free on a computer FREE
Too many ads Ridiculous amount of ads to close before you even begin to play...
Doesn't work Did not even let create an account
Dreadful waste of 2 pounds Frustratingly difficult. Most of the time the game simply doesn't provide you with the tools you need to defeat the current enemy, and tiles are mostly scattered uselessly across the board.  Not that much fun.
I don't like this newer version at all. The power ups don't work like they used to. The freeze power up turns itself on before I want to use it. I want the old version back Newer version
No Moga support Unlike Sega's other titles, the Moga controller isn't supported in this game so gets 2 out of 5.  You'll get a 5 star review once you add Moga controller support.
Was good once upon a time. Was going great loved the game. But one I got so far the game stops. It says unfortunately it quit working. Then it made me restart the game, so I gave it another shot. And.... it stops working again Please fix.
It sucks I hate this game you start off with nothing and you have to beat the hatdest guys in the game while you have the weakest so i say it sucks
Borring I completed it in less than an hour and you could drive through the cars.
The video to lure you in showed 3rd person battles. But the actual game fell woefully short. Not my cup of tea these types of game.
alerts disappear why alerts disappear instantly i want to read it again but then they are removed so we cant check again any dealys ..
Doesn't work Doesn't even open on my Nexus 6. Emailed developers and got no response.
Good game, but ridiculous overpriced in game content This game is pretty good,  but it's ridiculous how overpriced an extra hero can be, costing upwards of 15 and it's  just a little hero and no extra content.
King of zombie Not so fun dis game..jus for kid level..my level is so far from dis level..please improve your game make more higher level like me have fun with dis game.not just simple make money k,dont be selfish person..
Bad Just so bad
Won't even let me play The screen freezes on the first search and won't let me push anything. Would be a great game if fixed.
No goals This app was what I thought I wanted , but no way to make goals . Pointless for me , back SHealth I guess . Don't buy this if you want to easily make goals .
Still the biggest donkey site I've been on If you like donkey poker, this is your site
Crashes to easy.,, What happened to them awesome Racing Games on android, lately its as if a 5yr old has learnt coding  is practicing on here, if this carrys on am sacking android  moving to IOS
No 12hr click display Why do all these widgets display in 24hr format even when the system is set for 12hr display Please fix
worked fine until latest update i love this game and own the board game as well as the android version. since the latest update, the tablet version is unplayable, the screen just flickers and dies. please fix
App is not working I've been approved to drive yet the app will not let me log in. I can log into the rider app just fine. Why not this one
Force close Would give a higher rating if the game wouldn't force close every time I open it. Can't even get past the first logo
Bootloop It keeps restarting itself over and over in every 5 seconds. Horrible
Ads are obnoxious I played this all week and loved it Today these obnoxious ads with annoying music started popping up when I finish a game. Most annoying ads I ever had on an app. Uninstalling....
Cheats Cute game, but something about when I reached a certain level, I couldn't get through it without power ups,.and even that didn't help  Done.
Won't go past test protocol 3 nothing happens Cant get any info on car at all as won't connect
Not like the site at all My favorite game to play on Sporcle is the trivia bingo, and either I just cannot find it for the life of me or it just isn't included. Bingo was the only reason I purchased this app.
Not working Always saying waiting for reliable signal,till now it doesn't show speed
This is the worst This thing always loads and it never hurrys up
Too many ads close to the game Dont want ads sitting ontop of game. Distracting. Deleted
Was a good game up until this new update. Now its keepa telling me to check my connection everytime i hit play so now this is a useless app
Great Looks like traditional Lar in all her awesomeness Latest update broke the game. Crashes on startup loading screen Samsung Note 2   Awesome game Looks great so far.  Love the wall run and parkour moves
C'est triste parce que je voulais regarder des missions de tlvision franais, que je manque, mais apparemment je ne puisse pas regarder en angleterre.                           C'est dommage. . .
Special actions buggy on last turn Love the game but a bug disables special actions on your last turn. This needs to be corrected as it can ruin a game.
Not opening
I have downloaded 2 of your fireman sam games and both do not. Why is this happening not happy after paying for the second 1
Awfully boring
Terribly innacurate From Sydney AU. Thoroughly tested this always inaccurate, even with multiple satellite connections. Not sure if this is the nature of these kind of apps, though comparing this to my vehicles speed it was terribly unreliable
Loved it It is a good game but it has the same picture in my other game
app not working app not working into my device  neken n8
Doesn't work No matter what menu item is selected, all I see is the loading spinner.
Dissatisfied Why when I select gallery does it not show all the pictures stored on my device This would be a needed requirement for a photo app wouldn't it How about fixing that since I did pay to use the app
Bullshit app I wana give negative rating...it won't work and flooded with ads only...Dont download such shit....
Fake app doesn't support nor show the road or tell exactly where we are it's fake I don't even like to gve one star but if I don't give their no way to give the feedback friends pls dnt download
Loading It's telling me connection error. And i have to proceed but then it has to load again like fix this and there's non wrong we got connection
              ...
Can't Load Game I have uninstalled and reinstalled this game 4 times. I have full Internet connection.  Have a Samsung tablet please fix bug.
Perfect
Payment failed Tried purchasing it a few times but keeps timing out.
Cant get on I have uninstalled it plenty of times and it still wont let me get on to play, bs, I will install iy again after a few days of it not being on my phone
Ads way to many Even when you turn off WiFi it still does it waste of space and time also to leafy
Not fully functional yet Will rate 5 stars when reads more than p codes and bi directional controls are there bi directional controls is the ability to control actuators
I have just purchased and install but get error can't mount and su not good done
Too revealing to be rated E Ridiculous that I have to see half of the women's breasts every time I open a case. My kids wanted to play this, glad I did not hand them my phone.
Its good but I cant open if you fix that I rate 5 stars
I hate it It Sucks I will not be playing it again
reverse the update the update is terrible, the white screen matches the website, but the black was easier to see, better for the eyes. loved the app before. now, not so much
Coco   marine     is   of   love  and     kissing     go  in   play   store   and   Don t     writt  any   thing   see  it  on   play  store    apps
Update lost all my progress again .  Why can't you guys figure this out So annoying
So mad I paid for it and installed but now it won't download cause it says I have insufficient memory which is a crock
Dont know how to play........come on Payed for this.......if I cant play, would appreciate my money back....stupid game, don't give you're money to this dumb game
Good game but sucks  The graphics are stunning. Gameplay is awesome. The only thing thats really anoyying is how the app constantly freezes that it doesnt even allow you to play it troughly
Turma da Galinha Tambm adquiri os 3 anteriores, em portugus, comprados e foram substitudos por esse em ingls com uma msica. Espero que o erro seja corrigido o quanto antes.
Search location having problem. Totally out. Local country but comes out world map. Data wrong, search Universiti Putra, becomes Universiti Malaya location. Can make a person unfamiliar get lost. Data integrity source
Latest Update is Terrible Game will not load every time on galaxy s6 edge. Getting real hard to enjoy a game that I can't even play. And I've uninstalled and reinstalled 3 times already
I cant open my village anymore,a message appear Unfortunately,ice village stopped,please fix it for me,i am level 39 my village name Douce Village,i don't want to lose my village,its so hard to level up..hoping for your kind consideration..thanks..
Ok Sound work s but music does not to glitchy. It use to work
This app blows Second party search engine. Stick to the internet it is free. Plus this app does not support IP boards.  Wasted my time and money. How do I get a refund
If there was no stars i would pick that. This app is slow, and makes notes impossible to use. Its the worse i app  ive ever used. Coming from a 12 year old
SUCKS After the update it won't open. Automatically goes to app store.
Boooooooooring n fake.... actually I saw everyones reviews for this app...guys dnt take it serious its just a prank
Too hard too quick Stupidly hard very quickly. The easy junior version of this game is stupidly easy....no middle ground here. Annoying. Had a few months, fed up with it, uninstalling. Theres only a few levels of challenging fun.
PAYOUTS ARE NOT WHAT THEY INTEND... I've noticed that when I hit a certain amount, it doesn't payout the correct amount.  That's no fun
I just purchased the full version everytime I hit the home button it tells me 24 hour trial period will end. And I have to click the Open button every time to go home what is up with this
Please fix Unfortunitely stop working po ang lumalabas ,ayaw gumana
Direction I would award it full stars if i was able to hover above the arrows showing the wavewindswell direction to see the exact degrees
Doesnt wprk Never works correctly. Even when climbing onto a bus it never shows true location. As useful as every other crap service in RSA. Thanks for taking up my data.....POS.
Fun game but doesn't save progress I worked so hard to create an awesome world but I had to leave the game and 5 MINUTES LATER EVERYTHING WAS GONE. but still a fun game
Confusing categories Some artists don't really belong to one hit wonders.
Sucks Waste of my time and money. I used to play this game back when I was younger on my ps3. When this came out, I thought I would like it like when I was a kid. Now I can't just get the same vibe out of it.
Accuracy Accuracy has fallen through the floor in the last few years. Useless for anything but the weather radar.
Fix The doc station needs to be translucent. It's white.
Used to be a good game. Now it lags on some of the fastest wifis out there. Used to be a decent game and would have said it to be a 6 star. That was 2 months ago and now i can barly play it because of the lag.
No save level option Cant continue playing the first level each time I start the game when there are 100  levels.
This sucks It won't work when I go to put my scoop in it closes out
Won't work with Chromecast Press releases online say it now works with Chromecast.  No dice for me but all other apps cast perfectly.  What gives Sling  15 for false promises  I understand the pressure to roll put support but it'd best be ready
Bad Is baddddddd
If I could rate no stars I would. No instructions
Sucks This game sucks there are no instructions whatsoever
Paid app Crap.  Will not work.   Would be 0 starts if possible.   I paid for this crap   Used to be awesome.  My wife has exact same problems.  E  mailed several weeks ago for tech support,  but no response.   Poor
Horiable It takes up to much of my devices storage.
Stuck Game forcing me to BUY chip Can't sleep to get my rent owed, cant play poker out of chips.....
The app does not work. Cannot detect my tv. Waste of money and time.  Where is the zero rating
One thing We need skins
Cloud back up no longer working Will not back up to Box or Google Drive.  I have removed cloud accounts and reset up.  Also tried different accounts.  Will still will not move past Enumerating backup files.  Stuck at 0.
9apps includes low quality third party apps. It also not give credits to me on mcent recently.
You need to pay to have fun
Awesome me Well since I on Facebook,I would like to get more friend in whole country especially USA. I really love USA so much
What the he'll The pic shows a light coming from what looks like the camera on the phone. It is false advertising. This app sucks big prunes. Yuck yuck yuck.
How to play multiplayer with friends There is no service of playing multiplying
Oh no I cannot install it because it didnt work on my device
Doubt If i know to read hindi y i gona use this app i want learn how to read n speak
West game time and mb west
Love it, hate it I love the game the graphics are good and you can waste alot of them having fun but I'm seriously sick of the pop up ads that take me out of the game not to mention the x is so small often I hit the ad trying to remove it
Right analog spoils the whole experience The right analog stick is not working. Can't look around. Why on earth would I keep on buying modern combat games
My set disappears after creation And nothing appear even after reboot. Major disappointment
Not thrilled I have used this PREMIUM app for a few years now and 2x now the app updates and ERASES ALL MY INFO... then when I click restore data.. there was nothing to restore, yet I have backed up my history..
NOT SO HAPPY EVEN IF IM NOT A VIP SUBSCRIBER It freezes insted i get the 7 day song of coca cola i dont get it because of that bug get my song back and i will change my comment
No Mazha nahi hai
Stick texting Needs update
This is poor and u guys are fibbers it looks ntn like the pic u have on the front
Flow conversions lacking Not enough conversions.  I don't find any way to add industry specific units.
Money back plzz First episode doesnt work so no point plzz refund me i really want it to work thow it looks pretty cool from the pics
Cant play it Can't turn off the vibration. Calibration is off
I loved the game until I had to get a new phone and download the app again and sign in only to find out I lost everything and had to start at level 1 grrrr. All my other games save
Why o why I can't play I wanted to play this game but wat happen Still patch 066 I've done it and then its automatically close. Then I started again 035 same they close the app Please help me guys a wanna play kritika
good but not working any more good game, payed for it. But now it crashes at launch, every time. Have uninstalledinstalled several times. Asus MeMopad FHD 10
D'not work pusiyan gulf,kuwit area.very bad app.give me my many..fu.you...
prize claw like a bit better this time. see how i get on and will review my stars.  one star less on level 27 closed the game as ran out of grabs now im back on level 1.......disappointed.
Adrianna Callahan is mad I can't even get the other things unless I buy them on my phone
Didn't even let me choose a team
It not work on SS Note 3 Hi team,  it stop when my Note 3 turn to Stand by mode. It work well if the screen still on. Please help me. This soft work perfectly on other phone as HTC One. But unluckily, it not work well on Note3.
Horrible Purchased game for 6.99 and app does not work or open.  Played only once after 45 minutes of download time with wifi.
Still doesn't work...when i open the app,it opens and than where the live score should be its loading forever and doesn't shows score,even if i restart the app,same thing happens
LG G3 Issues Great game but the item screen doesn't work on the LG g3.   Somehow made it to almost the end of the game... Can't equip the armor and can't use the items cause I can't access the menus.  Fix please
Won't load... Shuts down right after it loads.   Keeps on saying Angry Birds is not responding.   I'm upset because it was working fine yesterday
samsung e5 i hate this game
Out 2 My daughter loves this game but I definitely don't think its worth 1.99. The same things over and over and you can't choose which games to play just whatever comes up. I'm disappointed to say the least.
Fail It was fun at first, then it got super easy that even my 4 yr old had no trouble answering them.
Dipdap winter Does not work ,it freezes.my son was so disappointed,I asked for a refund and never got one,really annoyed and disappointed.
What happened to root keeper for ota Bought pro for this but don't see it in the settings anymore. Am I missing something Will edit to five star if it is still there
Too short Way too short. Needs more to do. Still no updates in months. Not worth the money.
Lack of odd . What happed
Booo Don't get
Poor
Really... All of your games look awesome and all but when you download a game and wait for the load screen too pass by then nothing for 10 mins nothing but all black screen it is really inconvenient
Ok but not so good Adds come in every round and it disturbs us
. Handling is horrid.. If you turn to quickly it doesn't register.. And feels like you are steering a cow .. PC version is great.. But this is utter rubbish.
Don't bother to load You have got to be kidding This is a joke.
Update increased drift The latest update has increased the drift rendering this app unsuable now. The whole screen spins a whole 360 degrees within 20 seconds .Please fix. Note 4 user
ADS IN A PAID GAME I get 30 second ads when I start the game which are unsuitable, constant begging to connect my Facebook, banner ads... This is ridiculous for a game that I paid for Stay away
Doesn't work I have tried to play this many times since i bought it and all it does is crash no matter what i try. not worth the money
Not everyone likes facebook 5 stars if you give another way to log in like email or g or Twitter or something else.
Performance issues For about the first five levels it was fine, but after that it started to crash and freeze my brand new tablet... So fix it or uninstall
Dose nothing It legitimate does nothing but load google map or you can pay money for other programs
Ehh The graphics are dissapointingly low resolution, you can't touch and drag to aim, and there is no clear top to the level. The balls are just attached to an invisible roof. Not really interested in playing it any more.
Useless game.... don't even wanna waste time to play it guyz
Paid and no game. Paid for full edition today and it can't download because of a error  Not bloddy happy
Fun when it works. Probably one of he best mobile games out there right now   and RTS period,  but it just can't seem to play for more than 2 minutes without needing to crash. A shame,  I was really liking this game.
0MG takes Forever to install D  Dumb Does Not load Moon Reader  is better
Bosan Boleh tak lain kali main game ne tk pyh nak beli pakai point..cuma pakai duit jer..tak enjoy lah main kalau macam ini.
WHAT I used to love it on my iPod... But now its says device not supported so now I lost 4. On my LG g pad 7.0
Ok what's up What up I had a pair over a high card like come on
I love Lego games, they are my favorite type of game. But this one will not even play. It keeps stopping, I can not even get to play screen before it stops.
Lame lame lame lame lame Crappy
Really My partner will not only throw off on a trick when he's the last to play encode trump,  but called a loner with 3 trump and no bowers. Can't you fix these glitches If you like this version try tricksters,  you'll love it
Crashes Never loads up. Always stops. Had to uninstall. LG G3 mobile.
The different games are great but they don't let you  win enough if I wanted to spend a bunch of money on a slot games I would go to the casino were at least I could win back not just give it away this game is fun but you can't have your wins long
Black Screen Would really like to play this game but it usually loads to a black screen. Managed to watch the shadowy spider guy eat up all the bright plant buds but then it went to black again. Please fix, this game looks like it would be fun.
I like drum Me too
Don't waist your time It is very bad app.
Its good but the controls disappear sometimes and its frustating
Why do u need Device IDcaller Info App has been great, but don't ask for more permissions without telling us why u need them. Please respect your customers privacy
Glitches on my android devices where I lose scores and games. This happens daily so I'm not sure if this is just on android. If it keeps happening, I will have to delete it. Othrt than that it is a great game.
Pages are not loaded well Unlimited membership for two months, some pages are not coming up, there's wrong issue also.
I already purchased but keep on pop 30 sec stuff. When press skip. It appear  you already own this item then nth happen . It still need to wait.
loved it now I hate it it was a great game but know it glitches every time I open app it kicks me back out fix it please or it stays 1 star
Make it as I made a mistake when I am not Seriously I really think they make you loose sometime so you can buy the way up.. I am no where close to getting it wrong and fails me for no reason. So angry. It has done it several times now
It won't let me jump or attak.
very nice
Doesn't work Freezes on the selection screen.
Cant watch streams It lets the advertisements load but all the streams i tried wont even load. All i can see is a black screen. The chat is working and if its audio mode only. Pls fix
I hate it Don't waste you're time it is horrible
Disk digger pro Waste of money  Would not work on LG3.
Please Can I get a refund
Didn't work
HELP How do I see when my fans are online and who they are watching
This app is curpt. This app is not proper working
The cars need to stop when u are turning left for the second time after u pick up the parent
My hot bar is only 5 please make 10. It crashed and I lost 20 chest worth of stuff
I hate that I can't add comics from my sd card.   Until this is fixed it's a 1 star rating
The app only caters for ID numbers only and not passport numbers. Please improve on this otherwise looks like a very handy app
Error error error error error How about actually fixing the error problem. It was cool till it kept showing the error crap. So instead of just saying you fixed it when you didnt, you should actually fix it. Like now.
Frell The video button still doesnt work. Moreover, the update a month or two ago erased all gold coins I had. That was around 400 for a new top weapon. I am furious
Love it but..... I love this game, but it likes to restart my game at random times its really frustrating when you get really far and it starts over.
What a foolI hated it Who are the fools to make this type of game. I suggest please don't waste ur time by installing this game
There must be a better game This piece of excrement tries to make moves for you, most of which are stupid, and as mentioned by others the flashing ads are what I call a PITA. Try some other game and save yourself the hassle.
No search option Difficult to find the area and when i click on setting the setting not b appear  please solved my this problem then i will give 5 star otherwise m confuse to find please help me.
Mic problems Seems like the LIKE button is screwed up. When I broadcast, the likes keep going up, even when no one's in the room. Fix this
Messed up savegame Oi No matter what I do, cloud save gets downloaded, then I start with 40k and 0 progress... Wanted to make a clean save even though it's unbelievably expensive, and what do I get Very disappointed.
Performance Why is performance a part of this package..as you can see in your pics for this product... but try and use it and you want me to download and try free With ads
Ok but copyright issue Ok game but they stole the texture from trin sim 3583 bytes
I tested it again. Try this Go and stand at a Gautrain bus station. Wait until you see any Gautrain bus and check the location on the app. Not close.
I can't get in I can't pick a nickname I will put crazy names like wierd and it says some body has this name I even put chair and it said someone had the name who ever has that name is crazy I wanted to give it 0 stars but I wanted to comment
Stuck Game seems really fun. But.... My game wont let me choose skill when the tutorial asks me to.power up skills. So i get stuck and have to get off the game and reatart it.
I could,not make it work.it only pick one camera or how it work
HOW DO YOU COMPLETE LOVE IS IN THE AIR QUEST I try to make my sims fall in love but they just won't
It is just not working with Lollipop.
Can't verify license Probably last time I buy from app store.  Can't even play the game.  Waste of a dollar.  How do I get a refund
It's good if you don't need to Palm mute or like to play drone notes. It is okay if you are looking to play drone notes but you can't Palm mute for just short notes
useless Don't  ever  download  it. ..The most useless  or rather I should say the most senseless  app. ....
I just download I can't believe it I just paid for this and we can't play it as licence not validated I want  a refund  not happy
Game crashes while loading after update I love the game. But this last update has messed it up. While loading the game it crashes at about the 25 point. Samsung GS3 please fix
What a piece of garbage. Constant freezing, and dropping connections. Every other video streaming service works fine, but this one fails miserably.
Lags and crashes This game would be fun if it didn't crash every minute.  Please fix bugs.  I paid for this game and it really let me down.
Bad Bad no animation
This was cheap, yes. But also close to worthless Might be ok if you live in Florida, otherwise there are better alternatives.
Don't understand the concept What am I suppose to do so many bugs needs to be fixed
Give me an email Email received, Birmingham has been added Well done guys
Black screen Every time I tried going to one place it sends me back to the play store
Spider solitaire No training on how to play
Doesn't deserve 4 stars I was suckered into buying just to try, and it's disappointing. It's like candy crush for dudes or something. It's only saving grace is no permissions. Save your money.
Open It is nice it can make u turn into a movie start
Hate it alot It is the most horrible game on EARTH It's too bad for you and me
Login fail This app keeps telling me my login credentials are wrong, which it is not, removing from my fone as of now.
I've brought some planes and airports.  After the update.  It's all gone and wants me to pay  2.99 again. ... unhappy Beware of any purchases on here
Cheat I hear back ground music, a house, and moving white boxes. Clueless what to do.
Disgusting app
A great  game  but Since  I downloaded  it again every time  I finish  a match  there's a server  error  and I lose the match  and mi coins  please  fix it
Gave me Malware It was an okay app until it gave me malware. Thanks for that... I'll find another app that ISN'T a virus.
Worst game Game will take your coins even you email them they do not respond to you would not recommend the game.
No the best You can't buy a lot of stuff all the things are locked and you have to pay for them
very good service campass
Wtf Paid for full version and extras still shows as locked
Notes always same length This is terrible. The notes always fade really slowly, and don't play for longer when you hold down a key.
Problem Game looks like a lot of fun but says striving to do our best and won't let me play. What tha heck man I just wanna play some baseball on my phone is that to much to ask
Crap ESPN sellouts Why do they keep referring to Bruce Jenner as she come on Really ESPN really jacked up that award. You guys prefer cheap ratings over real honorably people that deserve the award. You guys can Suck it like Bruce Jenner now does.
Cutting score won't upload. Please fix this.
Wtf sucks dick Come on guy dont hate it kill it
Wrong app 4 me I guess Not smart enough 2 figure out how 2 get songs so I could play them. I was just expecting something different
Why its not connecting through data networks I couldnt connect through data connectivity for past two days....plz advise...
No support, crashing Mika Mobile have abandon android, do not buy unless you want to throw away your money. Their products should be taken off the market because of this.
Bullshit Fix the import before I ree buy I have over 120 elements on free version and the premium version won't import
Awful. Doesn't sound like a piano at all. Really bad sound. I have heard a REAL piano before and it sounds nothing like this. Don't waste your time with this app.
Very junk now Bought it thinking itll be great. Used it for a while then now its not working. Wont allow me too unfollow people thats not following me back. Who else has this problem
Need to unlock more trains... Me nephews love dis game.... but ders nly 1 train... so dey ask for more trains... plz try to fix dis issue as soon as possible
Crap I play it on my PC but when I click the icon on my tablet, it flashes for a second and goes back to the icons.  Sucks  I would be playing if it worked on my kobo.  Can't you fix it
Do not buy this app... If you have a Garmin Heart Rate Monitor. It won't detect your HRM. A waste of money
DOESN'T WORK This does not work, it needs to be fixed.  We downloaded it for our 7 year old granddaughter and cant get past the main screen. Please fix
Love it It help you for girlfriends and boyfriends
Boring Not worth the money. Repetitive and dull. About 2 minutes of game repeated over and over.
Suggestion and rectification Plz provide option for group msg  signature insert. And for Samsung Grand 2 list of suggested contact getting hided under my keypad so can't see and can't select them all so plz correct this bug
Bible version, versus are missing Why are some bible versus missing. Almost on every version English and Spanish. What's going on Glad I still have a bible I could go to. Please can you fix this or a is permanent things so I could deleted the app.
If the shadows were to be adjusted to where you need to have a million torches to still be in the dark I'd rate higher.
Terrible Fantastic content but horrible app. Very slow and unreliable. Better off downloading podcasts from elsewhere
USELESS IN SA The app is absolutely useless in South Africa.
Error messages Couldn't install, despite Wifi connection. Error messages. Tried to get a refund...guess what error messages. Not impressed
Won't log in Even after quadruple checking the username password combination was correct.
Disgusts me.. How I paid for this app, and when I post to facebook, this app puts an advertising link in the memory of my phone. This is the PAID version. Tacky as hell.
Hated it This is so not funny It never made me laugh once. Invited twenty friends over that can laugh VERY easily but no one even smiled..... it deserves 0 stars
Star walk vs S6Edge Great app if it would work right after Android updated the app stays upside down....words and stars
Crappest app ever If there was an option for 0 stars, this would have it. It should also be free...
Notification error I recently upgraded to a galaxy s6 sprint and when playing online, I don't receive notifications, when its my turn, like I did on my old galaxy s4
N funciona no LG L90
Nope I've tried this game 3 times over the  Iast 6 months. I can't do it. The game has so much lag I can't enjoy it. I really want to like this game, my buddies all play it, but it's just not going to happen. Please fix it.
Greed A paid game should not have in app purchases or ads.
Performance has gone down It was amazing when I started playing. Used to hang a little. But was manageable. Now I can't even get to the game. It would start to load and app just exits.
I Come on guys I expected better but you should add a player customization in here
Crap You can't win unless you buy crap and when it says you've unlocked somthing. You haven't. I DEMAND A REFUND. NOW.
Terrible IT DOESN'T WANT TO PLAY AT ALL AND I HAD TO DOWNLOAD GOOGLE PLAY GAMES FOR NOTHING.......
A confidence trick It worked long enough to pay for the extra pets now it no longer opens. Mr Disney, you are a crook.
Crap Spent ages with this game and the update has deleted my information and contrary  to what the app says I can't recover my account don't have that option anywhere
Shake to change provider gets me stuck forever my gyro is broken. Loved this app before but after this last update it has become useless. Personaly I don't likeuse shake to.... features anyhow
Totally bad
Disappointed The game is almost the same as fmh 14. The match speed is so slow. Very disappointing.
saya suka saya suak suka
Why buy the paid version Why am I getting ads in an app that I paid for Maybe all of the buyers who feel cheated by having ads should get together for a class action lawsuit.
Doesn't open I haven't been able to open it for 3 days now
Bekar h mere facebook add krne wale paise chle gye aur app download price much ni mila
Advertising blocks top half of table so you can't even see where your shooting  Just trying to force you to pay for the upgrade
Repeated words Same words that keep repeating. Gets boring quick. Elementary level.
Very frustrated I used to play and loved it, I recently downloaded again and I am getting the loading screen, but a dialog box pops up with the following.. Marmalade v6.0.6 323198 Then the game freezes
Like the game, but WAY to many pop up ads, they pop up so quickly, that before you know it you have already tapped and opened the ad
Love it and Hate it App force crashes when opened up. I'm very dissapointed that I finally spent the money to buy it and it doesn't work at all...galaxy note 3...I loved it before so fix it please or refund my money.
Slow clunky, too american This is a really bad version of the Thup monkey games. Poorly executed and glacially slow. Horrendous americanisms good job etc. Wish I could get a refund.
F...ked up wit the new update Download some f.....kin,bulls...t apps wen connected to mobile network r Wifi  asks us to install....Hated it after update
It's ok. AI just runs you over The AI is so aggressive all the time it ruins it. They have to idea where the user is and will just barrel over you even on the starts.
Wheel of Fun It's not fun it's lazy
Needs Android 4.3 With the latest update, Android 4.3 or higher is needed, which is not available for the Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini in South Africa. As a result, I can no longer use the app. Epic fail, Discovery Insure.
Game deletion So, I loved this game. Yet, it failed me. The engine crashed on my phone, and forced a reinstall. Upon reinstalling.. All saved data was deleted. Royally irritating me
Doesn't Work
Different.... I am not happy. I used to be able to do anything on the people's teeth and you could pick the people. I remember this app and I used to love it... Now it's the stupidest game I have ever played... I'm very disappointed.
Pain in the train The app keeps opening, repeatedly, when it's fully closed and I'm not using it. I only use my oyster card about once every 3 months so the almost daily, multiple self opening is a real pain
Only one train My son loves this game, however it only let's you play as one train and is hard to navigate.
The new update I can't read anymore manga. I feel like I'm going to Uninstall this app and get another one. Waste of my time
More machetes We need more machetes to get ahead. Now we get 1 machete per level. And why do we have to install stupid apps to earn more Why can't we just watch videos to earn them
Waste of money Didn't do any more good than the free one. And constantly stops at 23.08
Last update The last update makes the game impossible to play. The text is way to big for the phone and can't see to play
Poor Do not get this game if u have a samsung galaxy ace it crashes on startup and wont give me a refund
A two year old could answer these. These questions are WAY to easy. A two year old could almost answer most of them.
Lag and always dc Crash and cant open this game.. spend a lot money useles
Doesn't count finger taps It says that I didn't tap the tile and makes me miss the song and my mom can play just fine. Its a fun game though
Don't get the jump button
If you're gonna have a free game you shouldn't have to buy some activities.
Bible app Too many adds popping up
Seriously Ok,at first it worked but the second time it didn't work
It does not let me play the game
Go make coffee while waiting to collect winnings Downloaded the game, first spin I hit jackpot and have to wait nearly 2 minutes to collect my winnings. Second spin, another big win, another long wait. Sorry, not for me  uninstalled.


Bakwass game kene bakwas game hai
Refund me or sort out the game Can not finish a race throws me off every time and resets taking the mic sort it out plz
WON'T DOWNLOAD ERROR 907, 963 I have the HTC One M8 and I purchased the game but it will not download and install. I get Error 907 or 963 every time. please help
Used to be fun Used to be a lot of fun, now there's too many adds and it takes forever to get chips. I have to wait 3 hours to play 4 hands of black jack what is that crap. They really went after the money... It's a shame...
Not at all funny You know  creator don't  waste time in such things
Its alright Its alright because you can't call no one with out credits but u still can text. My next statement is better ringtones
It's pure shit If there would be a option of giving 0 i would have been given it .All the people reading plz dont download it....
Won't even load up V v v disappointing, wouldn't even load up on my Note 4
Not working at all I have a 2013 model LG42ln5400 and it does not connect. Waste of money.
Fun but flawed I can only get a decent score with a slow race penalty. Good game mechanics but this kinda kills it... Drifting isn't about lap times, its about style, technique, and how close you can get to the wall.
Boring game It would be better if it was an actual fighting game which is tekken known for
Error I usually got slowmotion and when i won the battle, my trophy didnt grow and i didnt get medallion too. Please fix it
Bull Night 1 I just suckits not the problem. night 2 spring trap is at my door by thy time I can reboot 1 system. P.s in game 1 you are supposed to loose power 24.7
It WAS a good app... Why do you guys keep ruining a good app The new interface is completely unintuitive. It's very difficult to find recently purchased books, especially when reading across multiple devices.
Virus Didn't seem no different then the free version for tried playing it and it had the same games. But now since the latest update my system did an update and found a virus in this program and erased it on me.
Won't work. I've tried opening this app to play and it won't even get past the first screen and freezes my phone up.
Can't even open app, click on icon screen goes black and crashes,
New pics It takes forever to get new pics and if you have been on another funny picture app you've already seen the ones that are new
Not working anymore on my Nexus 4 I have now Android version 4.4.4 and when I open de app I can't do anything with it. It seems the touchscreen does not work with the app. It sucks. Please fix it
May aswell go directly to the bom site dame info
Keeps crashing I try to play someone and it says oops something went wrong please try again. It does it every time won't let me play. Uninstalled...
I bought the 20 bucks thrice but didnt get any bucks at all Please give me a refund, and will be 5 stars again
I don't really like puzzle games. Thought it be more of a adventure type of horror game.
Crashed right in the middle of the 1st game playin and all was good, then it just crashed, VERY FRUSTRATING
Error It has been saying error for what seems like a couple months before it worked fine  then today I deleted it and reinstalled it and it won't let me log in
I thought it was a game But profile of wwe players
Fix the crashing Same old shit as the first release. Get your shit together zillion whales, I get your project team didn't take lessons from the first project. Would definitely be a 5 if that is solved.
Suck Computer giving oponent low number cards and giving me high number of card.always computer knocking also with gin.i dont like
Bure kabisa This it work well bt when when you reset the phone everything in the application get disappear. Please get my images n videos back so tht I can rate u with 5 stars
Buggy,ugly on tablet Feels terrible and slow to respond to taps, balls dissappear or fly in the opposite direction you shoot them sometimes. Ads are not super noticable so good on that. Game is playable but not enjoyable on my tablet.
Good but Its not reading the roms I download. I didn't pay 4 dollars for an GBA GB GBC emulator that doesn't play games I download.
Internet connection problem Always says i have no internet connection but i do. I can use my other apps just not snapchat.
Why only the BRACELET Only bracelet is unlockedI dont like it and most of accessories are locked whyPlease make alk the things free so I will give you 5.
Hate it When I got it it was super fun I had lots of stuff when I exit to eat my  dinner then i was done so I went on But it didn't save I got super mad I HATEEEEE ITTT ...P.s I feel sorry if you lost your stuff '
Not real People, don't get fooled by this game, go install the real one The graphics arn't even the same This one is the stalker
Doha Salwa rood doha safari market
Not working properly Bingo icon doesn't even come up for you to score a bingo at times. Uninstalling
Black screen Like the other players, all I can see is black screen after the download. But when you tap the screen, you can hear sounds. Why is that
Fake Of course u can't use it.... Stop these fake things already
Stupid This sucks i took so long to load
App is very good. But does not work on lollipop and sandwich version. It does work on Samsung s4
Sucks I tried to move my king when I was in check and it wouldn't let me and I lost DO NOT GET THIS ANYONE
Too many cheaters. GPS spoofers and log scrappers. That aside, the game is usually won by city to state size fields. BAFs. Not much fun unless you like to make BAFs.
Would be better if you could play Stuck before I even get in the game downloading new files 00
Crash mulu anying Ini kenaps crash mulu... kecewa gue satu satunya lu aplikasi, gua gak bisa baca komik dong
Very disappointed.. Going to delete this app if u can't fix it..I used Shazam all, but when I updated it, it won't even open. I've asked several times for a response,  haven't gotten one...I cleared cache like u said.Still not working.....
love iet when  you are in trubel you kan youse it when you are in trubbel .ore if there is somebody tholking to much .
Cheater Downloaded but not credited the amount. The worst ers
Fix After the latest update the game doesn't work. The sounds come on and all I see is a black screen. Please fix I paid for a app and want it to work. I'm a fan of the series.
Unable to install on Galaxy S6 with Lollipop I keep getting error 505 and the app is completely unusable. Would appreciate if the developer could resolve the issue because I heard great things about the app, but it is useless to me.
Not loading I got the update just fine, but when I tried to play anything, it would go to the loading screen but never got to the game I even tried Uninstalling  it but it still won't work. This was my favorite  game too
Why does it need so many permissions Way to many permission requests.
No refund
I won't even read this game one star but I did This game is so stupid you need so many coins to buy coin operated a I would rather play bill Climb racing
Enough with the spam Let me pay once and get rid of the ads.  Once Not a monthly subscription
The bad game in this world
Needs more compatability Doesn't work on rooted note 4 with lollipop 5.0.1
Jackpot party slots Every time Ihave more than 800thousand Points ,this games decides  that it should bet the max bet,without me making that decision..What a scam.Are you doing this so that I have to buy coins
Horrible The audio is so bad do not get this game if you want ears
Very bad It looks like they did this in a day. Goalies are the worst except the team you go against. If you lose a face off. They score.  I hope they can fix this game in the next update.
Sound doesn't work
Resume How do you resume a game with robots after exiting and relaunching the app Also, the texts on this app are really small. It's really hard to read it on a phone.
Unplayable on Nexus 6 Completely unplayable. Every time I try to move, it freezes and skips around. The most powerful phone and it doesn't work.
App not licensed even though I paid for it Can't use it after payment
Great game going bad Developers dont answer email, nor do basic testing.  Game has become unusable.  Very sad.  Highly recommend do not buy. Used to be my commute game.
Boring Nice job setting up but kinda boring,no affense
Not properly synced with the music after saving the video.
No stations available for Northeast Florida  Absurd. Plus, the nearest station listed in N. GA doesn't work.  What a waste. Waste of time and money.
What the heck Every time I play on it, it restarts like..... It use to not do that now it does.Fix it plz
Doesn't work Ever since I finished chapter 1 the game doesn't allow me to go further, such as on chapter 2 the screen turns blue or on the elite the game crashes.
play yourself ...it's waste of time not getting any better things on daily claim....its better i play some other online game....you should be a shame on yourself and hopless for developing these stupid game..
Progress erased App just exited and my progress was reset to the beginning. I have no desire to play something where I am in constant fear of losing the time I've invested.
Ads freeking game I have seen games wid ad's posters in between. But this is the game wer you  will find ad's videos too.In order to play a single game you need to select 100options and then you have to deal with the ads. DND Do not Download
Need help I emailed the support already, and waiting for response. This app closed itself after some black screen, really disappointed.
Bad Worse worse worst worst
Another extra cash I'm really disappointed, unlocking important features for extra cash, is not fair..50 for app without such as these features, is too expensive.  For free Would you refund
Fake app This app got fake people fake messages everything is fake being ofline it doesn't mean that we should get fake messages repeatedly damn fool
This app is biased towards new players My rating has plummeted and the reason is the app distributes the beta hand towards the less rated player. This is BS
Wedding Dash Deluxe I want my money back.  The game froze on the first level
Birthday seat lost Booked using this nice app. Booked the lovers seats for me and girlfriend... in 4th row and it moved us to normal seats in the 3rd row from the back. Good thing is the seats were still together. ..amazingly.
Only worked one time Opened it and it only worked one time. The next level it when u put the shape where it belongs it won't work and keeps making the ding sound.
Attention please When i tried to open it, it takes too long to load eventho my Internet showed excellent .. gtMalaysia n using Samsung S5 ... please fix
Super diamond Boring
App stopped working App was working fine the first few weeks...then stopped working.
Hacker Full of shit timer hacker
Rate the song I like the app. There was a mistake made with the stars. I wanted to rate it all 5 stars That's why I usually don't rate things because of this mistake has happened before.
Rob Farrell This is crap. It keeps crashing.
Dark Strokes Paid 2.99 and the game refuses to load. Reinstalled 4x,same results . Would like either refund or credits.
