Very simple and effective way for new words for kids
My son loved it. It is easy even though my son is in first grade. Highly recommend it.
Brilliant A brilliant app that is challenging but great fun. The only thing I think could be better is if they grouped each difficulty together. Other than that, it's fantastic and I love playing it
Good I have gotten several updates and new games help out alot.
I love it If u don't spend no money you'll have fun any way
Walter mofokeng
Best Emojis ever I've tried just about all of these emojis and this collection is by far the Best 
Animal hair salon This is the best game my niece ever had she learn how to use clipers so she can cut her cousin hair
Good
User friendly. Good mix of games play daily.  like fireworks when win a game.  Thanks.
Interesting game Please player vs player i really really loved this app so cant sleep without playing itD
Works very well. Found new quicker routes to places I've been going for years
Awesome program, big up
Really fun app I love it its very fun you should buy it but there is some glitches but i rate 5 over all.
Awesome So far game has no glitches. Nice graphics, very fun. Played for over an hour first time I play, couldn't put it down. This is the only game that I have purchased, best game I have played  Hopefully no problems in the future.
Great App This app really breaks down the Bible so that it can really be understood.
Mr  Brand Pretorius I use it alot .... and happy .... if posible please ad lynx 624 x 44DT Hohold over recticke  please please please
Fun It was cool
Soopa fast Great app but it allways has my team getting beat Sort that out  there'll be another 50,000 downloading  LIVE SCORES,, 
Paid for the App, now Pay for Levels I paid 3 for this wonderful app, and I beat all the levels, Now I have to pay an extra 1 for more levels...
Great game Alot of honest fun and good design that doesn't force advertisements on you, good job Yahtzee.
Loved it PEOPLE it can't be updated it originally came out on PC
I love this game Its so fun
I love it jooo It is good beautiful
Amazing its really fun I have it on both of my devices
I really like this game only need a faster way to collect money any advice Thanks for the free game
I'm a human Shazam anyway But I still find myself needing a little extra help sometimes usually when a song I don't know is about to end
Great game Perfect little word game that you can play for a few minutes, or a few hours.
This app is supper  cool Loved it
I love this game it's great I finished all levels 180 in 3 stars  and looney cards plz. Finsh some levels with updat soon to i can play again am waiting ... Thank you 
Great time waster I've used this app mainly on road trips with friends. Its great if your ever stuck with nothing to do with a few people. Everyone seems to enjoy it.
Christian Emojis Fantastic.  3D emojis. I like I them alot. Thanks.
Yaaaaaay I can play Crash Bandicoot....Enough reason for 5 stars
Brilliant I think coin dozer is absolutely necessary for children, amazing, but it would let u down if u lost a massive coin But all together its awesome
Well worth it In my first week home with my newborn this app has really helped me kee track of feedings and diapers
Hussain Continue your work man
Ausume
Soooo addictive Play against someone and tryen have them beat your score and go back and forth and restart when you choose its sooooo fun your just try to beat your own score as much as you can. addictive
Great app. I use the Yo Windows on my laptop too. I would not use any other. I have tried others but nothing beats YO WINDOOWS.
LOVE it The rims and the color of the cars and the lemozen car OMG can't help it I love love love.love love love love it best griving game I ever played
Samsung galaxy to 10.1 So cool if you are an avid  boardgames like me. Game itself is very immersive and soundtrack is a nice touch too.
My rating This game is so the best game ever no ads pop out and no more short ads videos or whatever so happoy
FUN FUN FUN Ok this game is so fun but it gets so boring but its so fun if your like 7 8 or 9 years old this is the perfect game for yall 10 11 and 12 don't get this game serisly
I completed the entire game I finished all the levels in the game. Ericus mountains, Red Rock Valley and Lotus Point. It was really fun indeed.
Great, satisfying, arcade racing experience.... 5 Title says it all...just plain'ole'fun.... Thanks for the amazing racing series..  Patiently awaiting RR4...5...6.... Haha...keeepm coming
Not so bad Sometimes teathering hotspot won't get established n smetimes it won't gt connected to required one n also can't change the storage location
U U
Just try it Was never a fan of slots or pokie machines but this... This is the most enjoyable app I've downloaded
. . . Love this game. Things are not expensive Just enough to train everything full. Not hard to gain diamonds just go forward n u can have them  almost completed, few levels more then the aliens are destroyed for good 
Amazing I like how you don't just go and eat you have to use your mass wisely or else you will be smaller than the one your chasing. Very creative.
Great app So far I have not found a better app to spend money on. The WW2 is out of this world, I know there is a ton of guns but would love to see a few more. Thanks for making these apps.
Colin mc cray rally I played this game on my dad PC and its as good then as it was now I bought for my tablet can't wait to race one more
Great Great game play for hours with frends
Loved it too much
This new game type This new game type is amazing Keep making more Thanks you
Brilliant design Clearly, a lot of thought went into making this game a perfect balance between challenging, fun and replayable. Belongs in the same category as Tetris good enough to launch a thousand clones.
The fiviest of stars. By that title you can tell I'm a 12 year old which means I have a lot of time to spare. This excites me. THANK YOU SQUARE ENIX
Great App Very handy for following up my favourite teams' performance and useful for betting enthusiasts
Love it, but HD photos are not automatic Used the pro version on apple for ages, loved it so when I got an Android I wanted to get it again. Note that you need to change your settings to get HD output.
Great app.. I would  add amount  of wins it takes to move percentage up. And chance  to play up to four players just like real  game
Good Love the game preachy good
Easy and accurate So far it's worked every time I used it.  Not a lot of bells and whistles to get in the way.  Nice and neat.
A truly awsome game This is by far the best slot game available on the google play store. I highly recommend it any problems ive ever encountered  has been resolved with in hours.Thanks for the great support and especially to Anita.Your Awsome
Doraemon music pad
Game I played this game so long u couldn't keep time. It is so fun but I had trouble on time machine it's cool though. I passed lv.1lv.8 I want to get full version but too much work also one tap you can't stop playing
Awesome Love it so  cool P
Nice speed and easy to use Thanks to xender team for concern happy to see password... sending or receiving...but better will be that prompt for which device is going to join group...
Perfect game  Smooth movement speed.. Nice Dungeon map, nice chatacter design and good story line. Thx to hearing my comment before about auto mode.. Know i'm playing this game very enjoyed  Success for Brave Trials v
Awesome My almost three year old is playing like a champ. Only downside is she asks for monkey everywhere
   
Nice App My little daughter like it very much
Awesome
Great this is such a excellent fantastic super fantastic wonderful superb game
Kandra
Good One piece nya kemana  jgn dihilangkan dong min , plis one piece dibalekan, tolong min
Princess Tailor Boutique I loved this game you got to chose different patterns.
Loved it  I love this game plzz edit new song in it
Love the app My 4 year old loves this I was curious how do We download purchased coloring books on her new device.
Tictactoe Best brain exercise I've played yet
A very nice application. It is a good application to regularly monitor one's blood pressure
Go Lube out
Love it My son has autism and loves to learn his shapes
My favorite game better than any thing Else
Great app Needs tick box to enable video recording on startup and 720P1080P video recording options.
. Really very well made game Wondering why the rating is so low. Download took ages, but I didn't experience any crashes so far.
Nice but need improvement
Helped alot I have an utraclassic my speedometer went out and I needed to keep track of my speed and mileage I found this app and it really helped me as I traveled from PA to Az thank you
So good When it hit the wall it turn back and explode i was laughing so hard i almost break my funny bone
Good dancing game
Most configurable audio  New UI. The new UI is a vast improvement. It's still a little quirky, but you get used to it quickly. Very configurable and great sound. The developer is very responsive.
Great for comics I think the newest updates fixed the issues the smart lists update introduced. Excellent, really like the new lists and sorting.
Does what it's supposed to do, tell me if I'm properly rooted or not. Was using the free version forever but decided to buy the pro version to support the developer.
Awwwwsome This app is freaken amazing good work great graphics.......just an.opinion you should add the F2000 or a gun related to the G36c it would be awesome to see those weapons in weaphone action
Great Game I love it I'm hooked got to level 27 in two days but I can't get past it. Soooooo hard hahah. This is so worth 3 dollars im going to look at similar games now....
Good for those learning Japanese. Its good practice for those that want increased Kanji skills, and also no furigana for most of the series. Anyways, good selection of manga as long as you are able to read Japanese. Stop complaining about no English.
Belissiomo Ho piaciatto
Dr Panda's Home It is a great game and very fun
Great UI, even better routing. This app knows London like no other, and the striker busting mode works very well.
Omg This works guys ir said words
Nightingale Beautiful
Just on thing pls read I dunno what the heck it goin  on but I'm at level 7 and where the heck is my first dog I dunno that ether, it won't let me have my new pack member because it thinks I'm  not touching it pls fix this glitch Pls
Absolutely fantastic.  Love playing this game.  Play it every night
Love it But i want to Have a larger map And logging equipment
Is one of the best games I have played Yup
I love it Your the apple to my pie and the straw to my berry your  the smoke to my high and your the one I want to marry
Awesome It's more than real
Jojo Kpjj
Awesome fighting game ever I love dis game, but hate downloading patches after defeating every masters. Other dan that its 5 star
Is great. I love this game with a passion of 100 burning dwarf stars. Its a fun game and it helps my mind open up to puzzles a small bit more.
Fantastic Great for caching
Classic App. I used to read this stories at night.  Last part is really good regaeding charactor.
Dsire Nyc app.. Find ol d hidden things, escape.. Just simple.. Lots of fun.. Gr8 app for those who lyks adventurous things.. Who loves to find things... Play it.. Lyk it.. Rate it..
Good, locked myself out at first but like it now
Good N best games.....
helps me remember
very nice cool game
It's awesome It's kool its bringing hard but easy guesses in one game
I love this game
I don't know what number 26 is
Very good 
Adds Always adds. Otherwise the best timepass.
Finally a game I will play on my phone Totally awesome. Love it. Loved playing it on the 360 and love this just as much. Thank you.

Very addictive I like the new towers they have. Well balanced.
Gin Rummy Great game, great animation,Been playing more than a year...never a problem 
Love this game I love this game it is so fun and great to play when you are bored or need something to do i recommend it
Nice Nice
Autism tool I bought this app as recommended by my autistic 2 yr olds speech therapist.  Its fantastic Had issues at first, but after uninstalling and redoing, fixed the issue.
WOW What makes this game so good is on the harder levels strategy will only get you so far. Luck is a major factor. Ive been playing for almost a year now and have yet to beat the hardest level. I hope she makes more games.
A dream game that I wanted on phone Fixed all nice great job is must to purchase, must purchase icewind dale as well 100 support beamdog dnd fan please make temple of elemental evil as well
Lovely  site
Great app Works well when you have uber issued iphone. Referral gt SZUMH lt New drivers recieve 300 new riders recive 25 credit. Thanks Uber.
Perfection
Really nicely executed Great puzzle and fab interface
Great game
Love it It's literally the only app that I've found for my rooted Boost Mobile LG Tribute phone that gets passed the tether block Totally worth the few bucks. Keep up the good work Fobio
The best so far I've tried most of the other android comic viewers and although this one is basic in many ways that is also its best feature.  The infinite scroll through pages makes this very easy to control.
Awesome A wide variety of games to choose from. I found traditional favorites and new to me. The rules came in handy to learn new or refamiliarize. Inexpensive hours of fun.
Great Use it daily for a dash camera on my G35. Works great Especially if one were to be in an accident Love that it works with my OBDII sensor Totally worth the 5
Love this game Best zombie game I've played in a very long time.  Its two great types of games put into one.  Driving and shooting doesn't get better than that
Great Wonderful
Muy Lindo exelente app A Mi Beba le encanta la gallinita   pintadita Ella sent dibierte por ESO me gusta mucho tan bien
Great App I love everything about this app and haven't experienced any problems.
Well since it helps with if not all singup stuff I'm rating this 5 stars.
Useful game ... It only need a worldcup  MUMH No idea
Turk alot is so fun always wanted to meet Nikki
Fun Love it I'm addicted. So easy to play in a short period of time
Great app Week done mate.
Nice companion on my run It would be cool if the distance and time showed up on the phone's lock screen all I see is that it is running, but no data, but other than that, its been great to have as I'm getting back into shape. Thanks.
Addictive Love this game.   I am hopelessly addicted.
Works perfect again Thanks
Panchtantra in Hindi very usefull app
Great. Cant see no more than 4 mangas in vol. 29 an only 5 in vol. 30. I like the little icon at the end of each vol. Touch it and it will move
PIN BALL IS GREAT, I LOVE IT.... THANKS FOR BRINGING IT BACKMAY FATHER JESUS BLESS YOUALL....PEACELOVE.. LARRY CRAIG PORTER FLUTEMAN  GOD BLESS
Awesome When I can't play my favorite cooperative card game, this awesome port is always nearby. Love it
Great
Awesome Why can't the stock camera be this awesome, after playing with this for 10 mins delete other camera apps and replaced stock icon with this one. Update even after 3 years I still freaking love this app.
My grandchild Nice but not free
Knowledge gainer app
THA BEST BEST BEST BEST GAME EVER I love it halris I know I spelled it wrong the only thing is the errow part it won't let me do it BUT ITS STILL A GOOD GAME
Very Nice app, works good, looks good
Great antivirus app My phone gets overheat due to autostart app. And it consumes power very quickly. Now this app trace and kill. Great app so far.
Fly game This is so fly ill get it a rate of 5 it so good
Great app
Wonderful game. An awesome buy. Loved every second of this game. Great for 3
A lifesaver if you ever need to reset your phone. However,  does not automatically backup bookmarks, so you have to periodically back them up and  if desired  upload to cloud.
Fixed on Lollipop the exit app function still doesn't work from the notification pull down panel on my Note 3  with Lollipop.
Awesome Great application really enjoy
Love the app Always comes in handy. Never any problems.
Best app ever I luv this app so much
Rummy Very nice apps
Challenging... Sometimes frustrating in a good way addictive
1010 worth it. I bought this game out of a whim. I really enjoy its hilarious and a great game with lots of replay ability.
Awesome It works
It's cool Nice. It is stupid but it's entertaining and fun
Nice and simple Easy to play l good graphics its a petty that its difficult to evolve without paying for coins...
Its a cool game Its funny when tom faints lol and the dog gets a pail of watter
Tracks and Drivers Need Knoxville, IA for sure. Chad Simpson and Scott Bloomquist is needed. Need for cautions and possibly victory lane. Also the ability to do heats and mains.
really like it but it keeps dying on my phone so I have to keep uninstalling and redownloading. I guess that helps the download number if people hard to download it again and again
Great Very fun, no annoying adds or prompts to buy stuff so is great. Very fun
This is ok
This App is awesome I had a small problem and emailed about it and got a response within 30 minutes. This works great and is cheaper than buying a range finder.
Samsung Galaxy 5 Keeps the little grey cells working
wow keep it up.
Love it Good game, classic style, good battery life, HOWEVER JUST ONE THING PLEASE ENABLE LANDSCAPE MODE
Joy to play and learn a few songs
Wow With the moga pro this plays as close to a console game as I've  For those having trouble getting the moga pro to hook up, press the power A button once the game is loading and again at the start screen
Wits at their best I can never match
City helicopter I love this 3d game andi like this game
Great game,  very addictive.
Great game I just wish that I could not finish it within a couple hours...I also do not like that you have to pay for additional levels..besides that..it's a nice game
Fantastic but i don't  like to buy and i remove it
I love that game
The Best Running or Walking App I love this app, it is accurate, idk, just keeps me motivated and on track. I also love the live cheering section, make me wanna push harder.
Great Easy to understand for children, thanks
Clever, addicting A nice way to pass the time
Great game Type bones8008 in as your friend request after the tutorial. You and I will both receive some free stuff.
Awesome Love it and say the word c.a.f that means create .artist and  fashionable.
Cool This game is cool but I  because it is better than any other football game I had but I recommend downloading it
About robot If we are dissconnected then robot sell lands on double price without thinking wether it is necessary or not
Addicting Can't put it down, want to see how far I can get haha
Janette Thanks 
So cool 
Kids ABC phonics lite I love this app it helps my daughter a lot I just love it
It really good
Awesome
Great Game Love it Played it once can't stop playing it now. So addicting
Awesome This Game is too gud
It is what it is. Its a game thats been on phones for years. Ive always found it to be fun
The coolest. Love this game. Very addictive. Constantly adding new challenges.
Best app in the world But you really should make more play home apps like my play home work and my play home doctor also you should add more clothes for the babies
Great free fun This game is great. It is fun, easy to use, does not crash. The only drawback is that my 4 year old son runs off with phone all the time Galaxy S2
Great improvements Love it now I asked for a voice over and you got it in I have a YouTube account called Its Haley and this is the editor I use for it Love everything about it now
great games best seen, fun, challenging.  wish were more mahjong games like these.  GB best to play.
Love this game Great graphics  in this game it  is worth it
I'm amazed that people seem to be having issues with crashes and freezes.  I've had no problems and I absolutely love this game. I have developed some great rivalries against very challenging opponents. Really a lot of fun and addicting
The most extreme android RPG to date. I think. Must play it now, if you like sky rim and oblivion
Like It It's awesome. It teaches you how to drive. I can't  really say much about it.
Awesome Thrill is gone.
Awesome App Song suggestions Metallica Fade to Black,  Metallica Welcome Home Sanitarium,  Metallica Nothing else Matters, Metallica One, Metallica The Call of Ktulu, Metallica  The Unforgiven
Please Do a Chris Brown One
Piano I love it so much  I learned how to play twinkle twinkle little star
Great simple game Love this game it is very simple something quick I can do to take time outta of my stressful day
Awesome game.  Gypsy is a tank with tiger claws.
Y88x To root this device, used kingo ROOT one click from PC. Took me 2  tries to get it right.
Bloom boom Great game awesome I hope they 'll inhance it
 love it 
Clock  weather Hope to see good
Great App Really great app. If you don't have it you need to get it
Loved it Superb.game I have ever played..lots of things in just 14mbs...boss ye to superb hai
Best TT app Definitely best in market. Graphics, Quality, Animation, Speed, Gameplay, Difficulty, etc. Are all very good and that makes the game very addictive. I love this game a lot.
Duh Of course its easy it says five and UNDER
Cool This game don't have much ads at all it is like your driving a real car love this game so much can't stop playing adictive to me
Great game Love this game, reminds me of old school games. Love the necromancer the best, fun fun. Keep up the great work guys
This game looks  good  I'll try it
Awesome app I really like the options for different colors. I also like the overall easy setup. Good work guys
Yay works great on the new phone
PERFECT I love all about this game from the graphic,gameplay,character and more  please keep update the game
Loving this awhsome app Very easy to use app extremely fast loading and just a fantastic application....good job.
Amazing One Of The Best Puzzle Games That I Played This Is Challenges My Head And Makes Me Smarter
Classy, sleek, and intriguing... Original game mechanics true to its roots and a minimalist visual style make this game worth every penny.
Love this widget.  Is it possible to make a weather app without the clock or have some way to hide the clock.
Why it tries to get root access Since some moment this app tries to get superuser access for something. But why
I love nicki O. M. G.
Can't get past level 88 Great game I rate it 5 out of 5
Great One of the best games I have ever played
Pandas Loved it
I love this app Mark Crilley does such a good job at drawing and teaches the basic steps of human anatomy. If you are interested in manga then don't hesitate to download this app.
Haunted house reminds me of the game I play at El Dorado. Its fun especially if you get 1st3rd place ha.
Compulsive Enertainment I don't always agree with the choices or invalid word choices but not enough to impact my play.
Very good apps
Really good But... Good But... u should make it where we can carry stuff and make it float That would be great Thanks
Best solitaire game ever  This game rules dudes download it now before they start charging for it
This is metal. Yeah, it's kinda metal.
I love it but I could give 5 stars if the limit f Spidey Meter s at least 10. But still I love d game a lot.... Getting addict 2 t BT feeling worse while I need 2 wait 4 refilling Spidey.... Please change this
Very helpful
Great No lag, or other issues people are complaining about on my Note ll. Crisp, vibrant graphics and smooth game play make this cart racer the one to have
You don't have to wait for the coins. Just hit the spin button    It's a fun game.
Grand daughter daughter loves it
Like it  i love it. So cute panda
Wonderfully done Great game and no in app costs or ads kids love it I teach pre k and have 8 grandkids in this age range . Thanks for this fun filled game and great memories we are making
Awesom It the best game ever made
Great app Lots of info. Works just like it should. Can't wait for the app to evolve it only gets better from here.
Love this... Now i connect my mobile without data cablessss
Best converter but needs widget Absolutely brilliant, simple design. But could really do with a widget for quick conversions 
Love Love LoVe LOVE user friendly, never crashes.
Looks can be deceiving It looked like it sucked but its pretty good I recommend it. its a call of duty version of clash of clans.
It is the best
PLZ MAKE ANOTHER SIMULATOR Can u plz make a deer simulator Plz It can live in the forest and u can have a heard of 7 or something. Plz make it u make the greatest simulations ever D
crazy creativity where is more clever gaming you can not answer.
Galinha Pintadinha Meus netos amam a galinha pintadinha EM PORTUGUS. Quero meus 3 dvds , pelos quais paguei, de volta. NO quero em ingls. Eles so brasileiros. Favor devolver TODAS as msicas dos TRS dvds.
This is a great game For everyone who WANTS maps that's new and released for Call of Duty BLACK OPS 2 ZOMBIES u need to BUY them urself on XBOX 360 XBOX ONE ect. Because this is Call of duty BLACK OPS 1 This is not BLACK OPS 2
Nice Got my PRO back from 9GAG First
Imma try it out This is so awsom
 Very fun game its really good five stars and five hearts as well 
Need full version for android jellybean Great app but can't get the full version on my android bauhn 4.3
Gives a lot of nice features And it has lots to explore with the many mini games and therefor it gives the kids lots to do at the airport plus it covers everything from arriving to departure
Huge catalogue, high quality, frequent sales, a number of free issues, dedicated and competent customer service, easy to browse even for absolute newbies. This app is just perfect
Awesome Took my a little researching to find out how to partition my SD card, but once I got it done and tried the free version it worked wonders. I purchased this to support the creator.
Awesome Pesn to co potebuju, nejsou tam dn zbyten a nepotebn informace.
Bike racing The game is okay but directing the driver is a prblm wtht the arrws
Fun
Works great Had an issue backing up my apps cause no room on internal sd card. Please provide an option to save to external sd card which has heaps of space on my phone.
Very well done. Pretty hilarious. The adds a quite annoying but they have to make money somehow.
X
Best solitare game available. Large variety. Easy to use. Descriptions are easy to understand,  and occasionally I will actually win  So far this is the best I've found.
OMG It's so great and scary It scared the heck out of me I like it but it's too scary Especially the camera that has ghosts in them Thanks for making this prank, scary app
Chan aahe
Codeword Great game once you figure it out.  I Love It
Adictive Can't put it away since I installed it, would love some more categories and less politics
I'm having so much fun with this app And it being priced 34p is not over priced
Overall the best monitor camera app It is one of the best app for my foscam camera with many features. Developer consistently update the app which is good in my book. Wish there is an iOS version.

AWESOME What a great game. I wish I came up with it. The best game on the Android platform by far.
very useful to me, ive learned so many new words. truly helps you build up you vocabulary. sad that is kinda pricy but i guess that is what it takes 
I love  it
Osm... Good
Doesn't seem to work with Lollipop
Pretty challenging honestly. Great graphics. Nice thought provoking concept
I love this game because I can make any nail polish without any problems but the problem is that when get 2 last figer s they buy full version for your game
NEW MODES Great game but...... Classic Campaign as main mode isn't what I would pay five euro for. It would be great if you added Highlight Reels, All Star  Weekend with Slam Dunk Contest and a NBA Full Season. Great game BTW.
Best Game Love this game thank you Rockstar. Just can't believe all the idiot 5 year Olds requesting their money back cause they finished the game. All i can say i is. . . WOW No wonder this world is heading to crap
Dog lover I have a dog
To  Egghead It has come to my attention that you have two logic puzzle apps. Do the two apps contain any of the same puzzles
Khaliah Sabrina Eichelberger Love it  it was fun  but you will only have7  games to play on it  but you would  need 200 coins to get another
Great Game even though I'm a '03 baby. I got them all More please
Brilliant This taught my nearly 2 year old twinkle twinkle little star
Great work...liked it
a bloody rippa. it was hard to find the time to rate this  because it's so hard to stop playing.  seriously   
Cool game Great to kill boring
Samsung galaxy 4 I absolutely LOVE this app Have an amazing life  God bless 
Nice It could be updated with more but it is excellent.
Must try  I love every bit of it. The modes, the graphics. Just try it and you will rate it 5 too...
Refreshing mind Best to relax, kill time and to do some mild brain works  55 for the game, graphics and thousands of levels
Works very well.
Love this game
We need the colors app Could you make an app with the colors version my daughter loves this app and the color section on you free app but I can't afford the 35 membership. I will purchase the colors app as soon as it comes available
Awesome game ever...but coins are in euro so I cant understand how to play..please give detailed instructions with example of 1 for that one.thanku
Awesome I have played through multiple times,  love the time trials too. Online tournaments would be fun.  Game is smooth and stable,  only a couple tiny glitches that don't really affect playability. Great game
Loved it Need to shorten the time for me to say today this is a very fun game on the hard one is hard and medium is medium easy is really easy .
Fantastic Everything you could want, works flawlessly
Basic Game with simple gaming  no complications My 4 Year son likes playing this game very much.
FABULOUS This app has really helped me improve my vocabulary skills and I've only had it for two weeks. It's very helpful and I'd recommend it for anyone looking to do well on the ACTs.
I love this Best app ever because it works so well more than other apps. I will keep this app forever I promise I will this app forever . I volunteer   minahil  sajjad should play this with me
Awesome Love it
Amazing Thia is an amazing app so much fun and so much to do i highly recommend it
I love I play it every day none stop
Grayson TULEY My beautiful baby boy who is 15 months loves it
Fantasy Football app Dope...ready 4 season
Awesome time pass I just keep sticking with this game as the name reveals it all STICK CRICKET....I love to chase big targets
We love this. Very nice app.
cool somehow this fixed the clock issue on my S6
Awesome Good graphics and lots of fun.
Love it... Absolutely fabulous and useful app Very user friendly...not a waste at all
Why is it not being my avenge  up for example my avenge as been 144 then I bowl 223212190150170144189201.the avenge stead the same. Johnny utah
Aweeeeeeeesome game Not so bad but when we play the game suddenly it will start from the beginning if this is not there this game is the best
Excellent I like it
In love At first its hard to find but you will get all the words in a min to 2 mins
Really Helpful for unknowns Let me salute to the developer for creating such a nice app. For nondelhite....It's a wonderful app to commute from Delhi metro rails
Great My 2 yr old daughter loves it and it is perfect for her homeschooling. The app works perfectly on my android box and cell. For those who tried to download it and it may not work, maybe try subscribing. The app is free, not the programming.
Awesome It's a fun and addicting word association game. I love the way it makes me think
 
excellent application it moved tones of data and dex from applications that can only be installed in phone's internal memory to my sd card making it possible to download even more applications.
Good Education My baby brother is 5 and he isn't very or sha'll I say was because this app helped him Soooo me and I love Intellijoy apps thank you Soooo please make more educational apps
Love it. I've seen a similar type program used in the show ghost adventurers and it measures changes in the atmosphere and interprets it into words.
Love this game
This game is fun for my little cousin ps. I'm ten years old and it's fun for me
Love it. Please add 18 images
Engaging their imaginations Great app
MLP JUST AMAZING
My god sis My god sis loves it
Good realistic game App works well,  but it would be good to be able to play a full match in this version
Addictive A great little game to fill in time, ie waiting for appointments etc.
Great game,  although I think I enjoyed the simplicity of 10000000 a bit more.  However, I highly recommend both games. Perfect pick up and play type of game. Great time killer
Very good Good good good excellent app good work 9app
More Layers This is by far,the best free app for sketching I found.I give 5 stars,but one little thing I want And I'm sure others want tooAt least 5 layers.Is really hard to work with only 3 layers.
Plz make the whole song Its so fun but it would be better if  you could play the whole song 
Good game Make it as a multiplayer game but plz don't remove single player option.. Need work more on graphics..but it's a very good game for spending times. Thank u
Wurdle Rocks I looked everywhere for a good word game. Glad I found wurdle
Just Ok  So many items locked
You'll love it All in all its worth your buck,it's a solid converter with everything you need plus some.i love the compass feature
love it  Played this on my old iPhone and it's just as good that
Level 1 Too easy,I can win the stage
The best. I bought the pro version to support the great work. This is absolutely the best weather app.
Awesome Its awesome when you get bored you just do this and you can guess your favorite food
Good ply
Feature request Could you add a way to save and review saved games
Hahah The first thing to be uploaded on my tablet. The whole thing wants me to make an ironmanthemed device.
I love this game,but.. when I get to level or rank 16,when I press the button to put the whipped cream it freezes my whole phone and I have to shut it off. Please fix this I want to play again
Wowwwww My sister try to steal my private photosssss hah..I know Cuz I have the picture
Sgs4 root lollipop. Does the trick. Ps pep's this app will not show up in your app list unless you find it in settings. Does what it says on to in though
My 2yrs old loves it 
Thank you Thank you for the update sega,I can see that you truly worked hard. This fame is the most addictive and fun mobile game I've ever played
Great Its amazing but the only thing is when you play the mini games your time runs out way to quickly
awesome it is the coolest game ever .I recommend you to download this
Love, Love, love
 ,OK  
Great game. Wasnt expecting much from a phone app... im hooked now though. Warning Highly addictive
Great fun for long or short periods Quick and super responsive, clever mechanics and good graphics 
Fun game I really love this game, but it can use more levels. 
Spurb
Simple Usually play this when i have something to think through.  Basic easy  no time limit stress free play.
Anything you could possibly want My phone always matches my mood and zedge has the variety i need to make that happen and its FREE thats always a good thing.
Just like real console game Loved this game for my 360 and now love it on my phone and tablet. Thanks EA
Cool game This a cool game 
Very good
Love Love...Love...Love...Love....
Excellent
Improving on the best Neutron was already amazing with the 4 band, now epandandable 10 band eq  You people rule
This is so cool You can shoot people and shoot in tanks and ride in tanks and cars Whoa
Cv attachment Why  cant you attach a CV when replying to jobs or how do you do itThx for fixing this issue guys
Graphical For such great graphics out don't take up a lot of room on your device. Fun to watch. There are similar games to this but not quite as appealing
5 stars for the idea It's different, but that's what people like. And to guy that mentioned the diamonds were useless, just remember that Mario couldn't spend his coins in MOST games anyway
Best messaging app ever No lags.. no signing in or out. ..always up to mark... awesome. ...can't think without whatsapp
              
Great app Great app, and it does NYTimes crosswords. My only gripe is that it doesn't use my phone's native keyboard, but that is a minor issue at worst. If you are a crossword addict, get it. Only thing better is paper.
Excellent app Tried quite a few of the competitors and none come close. This is a must have
The Hey lte Das spill hab ich seid kuzen und Das spill ist ssssuuuppppaaa
Awesome The best game ever played in my life. It is just superb and amazing
had play it were using Saga, and now S860, still fantastic tho...
Where did all my gold coins go. I had 350 coins, went from lvl 91 to 92 and all coins disappeared. I now have one coin
Ewar I  give it 5 stars .
So far so good Lol looks like we get to criticize your game. Atleast it's not a load of garbage actually rather fun would recommend.
Bugs bugs bugs no more Buttons don't work half the time. And I couldn't finish the game because of a bug. It's a great little game, if they manage to fix it. Edit All fixed now.
Old school jam Plays really good love it 1.23 can't beat it 
Fun I just bought this one and its way better then the free one
Great for learning Its such a great app for kids to learn. There should be more free apps...
.
Level 70 is possible u just gotta keep trying. I beat all 350 levels and once u get to 350, the game keeps ur current score and goes back to level 1. I am on level 180 for the second time around. Great game. I have lots of hours spent on this game.
Super tank battle Cool
Great app... Only issue I had was that the brightness setting came defaulted so low I couldn't read the screen in daylight. Changed setting indoors to match phone brightness, works fine now
OMG so great big big rate's
Just awesome game but when I changed my device I cannot transfer my level and inventory in new device. I don't know why. Can developer team explain me this. Please help me transfer my statistics into new device.
GLITCH I am experiencing a glitch where the boss music during the Ymir fight plays over the background music. It's annoying because I like the boss music and I can't listen to it because of the crappy mine music
Excellent design across the board Clever and elegant translation of the franchise to this platform. Visual and gameplay design is fittingly sharp for a formally slick series, and the boardgame aesthetic particularly clever.
Liv Love  love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love  it
One more go.. Great game but pulling tricks off can be a bit random using the on screen controls. Would love to see some blood when you hit your face into the side of a cliff...
I love this Love it
Almost Flawless My cameras work very well with this app
Great Game I use it anytime I'm waiting for appointments or just relaxing at home.
Beast I love this game its beast 
Good one Simple game.but very ADDICTIVE I frickin love it.keep up tha good work kairosoft
Awesome
Blackjack trainer pro Real good for practice.
Looks good I just downloaded the app. Look very professional.
Awesome app Would like to see more country riffs
Its An incredible app I now that its a bit hard but just try it and you will  pass  the logo
App works great Love it.
Great game Occasional minor tile placement problems, game is fun and well designed.
Word search I love to look for all the words and see how many other words I can find
Awesoooome My favorite game right after Earthbound and Golden Sun. The graphics on this is better than the GBA version.
GREAT GAME. I really do enjoy this game. It challenges me with its variety and I don't get bored.
Awesome game U should make a mudding usa game
It's become critical to my weekend planning Depending on direction,strength and tides dictates where my weekend will take place. App is accurate and effective. Love it. Also one of the few app that is better on my iPhone 
Very addictive  lots of fun The best ever
Great Good fun but can't find anyone to play with online. Ai doesn't put up a challenge. Good variety in different characters.
2good,,,,,,, like this application 
It's great I absolutely love meeting and talking to new people and now u can do it on a global scale.
If you liked 1000000000, you will LOVE YMBaB Great match 3 gameplay mixed with RPG elements.  No microtransaction nonsense, a great value.
Loooved it App was a big help. Worked perfectly, I have zero complaints, and huge thanks to the builders.
Nice Game I like this game
Like Superb game
Yes  very well made Good to play
love it I. Play this by the hour
According to me thats a awesome application I have ever seen a before u got 10 by 10
Good. I really like this game on my LG G3 Vigor although sometimes it gets repetitive because there is not like a story line or background of this game but otherwise it is good and sometimes addicting.
NAIL SALON 2 I LOVE DOING NAILS, THE GAME IS VERY EXCITING
Amazing app If u like anime girls this is the best app for hot anime girl pictures
Cool game It is a very cool game and because of this game I am a good cricket player
Awesome I had to find an app for my little brother and I was going to get ABC mouse but I personally don't have a credit card cause im 14
Fun Good design, good variety of games.
Hats off Not just incredible  rich sound , this app also useful in teaching chord progression of particular scales.
Number 1 This game is awesome nothing could beat this game I give it number 1 of all games
My son is a great drawer but thos can him even better
Good Game .. BUTTT .. I can't get over level 30 . why  Cause I suck .
Love it. Glad I purchased. Love. Glad I purchased full version. Just need more songs now. She talks to angels for starters 
Scary  No Words Bro. No words.
Really cool app Saves you the time of having to go learn some new fishing holes
Samsung Galaxy S4 Can't think of a thing wrong  hence 5. I like the feel and atmosphere  it's kind of quiet 
Drum set I love it
Awesome app Very useful if you wanna clear codes or just wanna find out info about your car
This is a favorite of mine. As close to the old school Vegas slots I can play without actually being in Vegas. Love all the game options
Love it
Excellent app Running without a single issue. Cyanogenmode on s2
Awesome
Love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love 
Love it If you made the others,  I would buy every single one of them
Fun Addictve gameplaying game Since i was a little girl,.. I have loved nothing more but playing hidden object games and also puzzle games,..
God Bless You This is the best game out for Christians. It is bringing knowledge and truth to the world. Great Job
I think this is pretty kewl I've got idea for a weapon how about throwing stars or maybe blow gun a few exotic swords or even bows both compound and or cross just a thought looking toward the next update
Great Widget  This is what I was looking for 
Fair play Great game. Balanced logic. You don't won every time and you don't feel like the game is cheating. Nice work.
I love adventure of Ted 2 This is the game I truly love playing I like to play level by level adventure and this game provides new adventure in every level. 5 stars from me
Challenging This game is really fun to play with, with your family for you can all guess and have fun. It's a great thing to do alone or with friends and family.
Nice. I Love it. Nicely placed letters in the grid.Challenging and attractive word game. SGII. India.
Same as many before me... I too didn't need the pro features, but wanted to support the dev.  Thanks for a great app
Omg so fun I love ninja go and this game is fun I've had it before and loved it soo much this is a must play for kids D
Once you get the hang of it it gets easier edit im still playing this game when iget bored ill never get tired of theguy falling its hilarious u cna change the diffuculty people
Perfect with friends, or strangers Discovered this by playing with complete strangers on the bus, and had a blast Great for road trips with friends, at a party, or while waiting in long lines
Elsk det Utrolig artig og lrerikt, anbefales sterkt
I love this app, very informative,  and easy to understand
Awesome app Easy to use. I backed up my data to the Google drive,  and was able to restore all the information onto new phone in minutes. .
The best android app but lollipop ..
Cool game I've noticed that whenever someone decides to write a review for any game, it's almost always for negative reasons but this game truly is a cool game, so thanks guys
SD Maid Unlocker Pro Adds To SD Maid And Makes It Work Mutch Better
I loved this game very much Thanks
I love the sound of the ocean Please add more themes.
Wow Amazing Great game
Com Amazing
loven it yeah
Great game While I think the first game was a little more engrossing probably since I didn't know what to expect, this is a fine sequel and highly recommended.  Looking forward to part 3
Very addictive As others have stated. Hard enough to tax your brain but not too tough that it completely frustrates you.
Number 1 Android utility app. This app is the best for cleaning unused files off your Android device  it has an excellent file manager too.
Awesome game, and make me addict it
Great game and I highly recommend it Great RPG
Awasome Very helpfull to learn...
Mahjong Master Great game. User friendly. Reliable. Very impressed
band game love it
Play Real Football 2015 Game Great game, very exciting and I like play this game
Good good good good good good
Best
i liked it the horse is the best pet because wherever you go you can ride it diba kayu anung gusto nyu maging pet sa akin ay kabayo heeh OOOo
Fun, and very cute The only issue I have with this game is the fact that she doesn't close her eyes when you soap her up in the bath. You know that's gotta be painful...
Besiar khobo kamel.vali nemishf full versionesho gerft
     
3 So cute, i really love this game D
Very renjoyabkre
Great Enjoyable
It now works on my phone Thank you for fixing the game. I,'be been playing it since the last update and it has been really fun.
Love it 
Thank you thank you thank you Love this app. Helped me so much. THANK YOU FOR MAKING THIS
James Middleotn Possibly the best app i have ever paid for. It allows you to clean up most of the memory space on a device and i can now finally install more games like fifa 15
Baus This game is wonderful. Only complaint in first section of chamber of the Mageblade, it would not allow me to pick up boxes. I have shut down gamephone multiple times to no avail. If that could be fixed, fantabulous
Perfect Does exactly what you need. Makes life easier so thanks 
Amazing This is the best game that I have ever played and I highly recommend this games as its a great price for what an awesome game it is.   Must Get
Love it Omg I've actually gone addictive to it I even play it at night xD  . BTW it's quite hard sometimes but that makes it even more exited 55 really good
Mahjong is good Better to buy. Get rid of the ads and it's a fun game. Very addictive. Told ma pal Frederick to sell his dankey and buy this
Ok Needs all the levels to be unlocked
Love it  I very very love it and not just me my brother too because he also love songs and ................I don't know how to say that this game is very very much awesome I LOVE IT 
Son Loves It My sons speech therapist had this on her 'fruit' tablet. He loves it and learned to recognize and say all of his letters within a week of putting it on his tablet. Thanks a ton
best game ever on a phone
Great game Very fantastic game keep it up developers.
Gud Eat my lado
Was good... Can't open after latest update says Application no longer installed and I can only access it through the market.
Great game it runs really well on the xperia z no issues so far. Good job ea
John Smit I really enjoy doing the crosswords. Great value for money.
Give option to pay for ad removal or its gone. Another great title. Zero issues running on HTC sensation with custom ics  although I keep data disabled for the most part, keeps ads away I would gladly pay a few dollars for an add free version
I love this game Although there's a bug it happens when the ad comes up every three levels or so which wouldn't be a problem, it crashed the app and saved my level. If you fix it I'll totally keep playing and recommend
Yareli Medina This is the best game
LOVE IT something for any mood
Funkelgump Great game Needs notifications then 5 stars, otherwise brilliant.
Great innovation. Getting my credit profile in the comfort of my home, even from the most rural part of the country. Thumbs up guys 
Great game. Fun all the way, not boring and difficult enough for all ages. Of course it should be longer, though... the fun should never end
Beautiful Still attempting to understand the rules fully, but either way I'm enjoying the game and the graphics are top notch.
My favorite game ever.  
The new update is fast The best security app out there,and the latest update is fast and reliable.
Amazing Lovely
Love it Thanks 4 getting back 2 me.
Awesome
Good game i love it Simple and there it a lot of things to buy keep it up                one question  how can i use nearby to play with friends 
This game rocks like punk rock I love this game... I keep playing Longview by Green Day... It's true.
Awesome This is one of the best games out there Check it out
Give more info than the basic version. Full details about your root access.
Fun and interested I like playing this game it help me think and clear my mind when I'm stressed out...
Great app Decided to grab the pro after using the basic one.
Great game My favorite for playing Sudoku at all levels from easy to very difficult. A very fun and challenging game.
It is the best game
Best shoe. App on the world Great app I love it
All of your Apps are amaziiing But one more thing, I wish you can create an App which can combine all of our recordings in drums, guitars, and bass guitar and we can compose a song. Hope you can do iiit
Don't get me wrong.... I liked the game. I enjoyed playing as all the gems and the storyline was great but it was kinda short lived. Well new stuff be added soon
Damm  Best of the best GAME EVER   Good Game, Smart game for fun  I give u 10 stars. Thanks a lot of.
So detailed Lots of little  touches, clothes, lights, food, so many different things For the amount of playtime this app has seen, great value Thank you 
The haters suck My dad bought me this game. And I love it. The 2.99 game is cool but almost 3.00 get this one. My dad is the best. Love him
YAY I've been waiting for falcon sim I always have wanted to know what it's like to be a falcon Here's my saying don't just fly... Fly like a falcon
Loved it.... It is a great online comic... I love reading it everyday...The graphics are nice and some even have sound effects...
Really fun.
Super addictive Very addicted  Love playing against friends, brings out the competitive nature
Brilliant game... very addictive. 
My addiction... Can never get enough of this game. It keeps my mind challenged, and stimulates me to learn new words. My suggestion pick opponents with similar or more advanced skills, to keep things interesting
Star Quality This is one of the best for local and international journey assistance and constantly they are updating new cities  just wonderful.
It is fun My daughter loves it.
Badass Man even if u don't like Spiderman download this game you'll love. It'one of the best Spiderman games I've ever played N it definitely comepares to the PS2 games I've played
Best phone game I've ever played This is but far my favorite mobile game.  Good gameplay,  not much battery drain, a dark theme, and cheap. This is for the paid version. I haven't tried the free
Awesome man What a game I have became the fan of all the stickman games I love every  stickman games you have created and I installed all in my device
Leo's Fortune Graphics  are amazing  and the background animations are stunning. The game itself is fun and entertaining. The main character is funny and is fun to play.
I LOVE IT Am ten and in school we'll watch it and Moby the robot is funny Tim and Moby and the little girl and Moby mostly Tim and Moby
good
Really nice.  Add Bach's Ariso for 6 stars
Finally Finally get this game after so many weeks.. Best turn based strategy game I have played..
Room trilogy please From the moment I bought it, I couldn't put it down. I honestly never comment on games, but I definitely took the time to write comment for this one. Highly recommended and very entertaining.
Hahaha dope Good game with smooth controls, lags sometimes but just for 5 secs for the first game in the day which doesn't matter much.
Awsome Mua game
Fun Definitely Challenging the higher you get
Good for practice... Lots of cool situations...
zero hour works awesome on every Android device I have even the low powered ones flawless execution gamelofthavoc..well done
Really fun and challenging I love this game. It's difficult at times but not too much. I like that new additions add to the challenge so it's not repetitive.
Traimiaa opinion . We should get a lot of energy .  the luhh k things .  adoption should not be soo high . But other than that , I give it 5 stars.  
Really I herd that foxy just wanted to hug you but he hap like a sound box and all that and when he pops out he made the security guard have hart attack so yaaa not mean
Best Game For Time Pass I love it. I don't like this type of game but I download this and I love it now it my 8 FAVOURITE game..
You've come a long way Ghost Radar This little app has come a long way. I've been using Ghost Radar since it first appeared in the App Store.
Best version of this game ever I love this version of ffiv and I can't wait to play this over and over. If you love any title in this series or any RPG I recommend you give this legacy title a try.
Awesome Wooooooooooooo for the makers to this game
Tamanna
WORDFEUD Fun Very addictive
awesome love this game
Uno Good game....fun fun fun, but they cheated me out of the vip package I paid for. Never received 20 tokens. And never responded to contacts. Bad business. But the game is fun just don't spend the money to be VIP. It's still a fun game.
Worth It Excellent App You Wont Regret it Simple utility way better than Kies Air I couldn't get that stupid app to work no matter what browser I used. This app worked right off the bat no hitches Get it
Nice graphics, colorful the experience is amazing Try not waste all the water, little sprays will make you way out to the top
David.  Perez
Brilliant I love this app You get to compete against other people whilst learning new facts at the same time D the only thing I would change is to maybe include more categories, like QuizUp does. But overall it's fab. 
Awesome I've gotten the other ones they have helped me improve
Awesome. ... Really. Such a nice game.  Nice picture quality and such a good game. I never get bored by playing this again n again.
Thanks Good  one
Great game Love this game its by far the best offroad game I've played it cold be better,  you should add more trucks and jeeps please  it needs a good update to make it better please.
love it
Good but... I really am having fun with the game but I need someone to help me with this auto match thing it won't let me find a game its really annoying
My two year old loves these games So glad I bought the full version.
Good app with good people. Online dating is a rough business but this app helps to ease you into the world of electronic love.
Favorite My 2 year loves this game and its easy enough for her to understand but challenges her enough in problem solving. She plays it anytime she gets a chance to you the tablet 
Currently the best in the market Finally got what I was looking for...wonderfully described workouts with effective and precise plans...great work guys
Woo Woo man I can't wate until battleground  to see Brock leaner  beat the crap out of Seth rollins,Roman reins and bray wyat,John Cena and Kevin owens,randy Orton and sheamus,Ryback and big show,prime time players and new day.
Light weight Love it
Simply awesome No words for dis app
Loved it It's really cool but it needs more songs than just popular ones
Nice app
Love it If I could only get notifications from lists.
You really need this You do...
Love it Its fun
Pink Panther Love it....great way to relax and get your mind off of stressful issues. Enjoy the different levels of difficulty...
Finally First thing i did this morning was download the game, and its been flawless all day on my gs4 i cant stop playing. I waited too long for this. Cant wait for the replay button to come out
Great app Smooth and seamless scroll across pages.
Shut up and take my money
Fun game, no special permissions If you like Boggle or Scrabble, check this game out.
Still the best Still the best radar ap I have found.
13 year old love it For those who do not know, Mr. Rogers was more about feelings and imagination and not as much about ABCs  and 123s. So don't buy this thinking it will make your kid a math whiz.
Miss Wife
Think I love to do alot of thinking in a game, gives me a challenge when will the other characters come in the game
I love this app. Super awesome. I just have this problem with 1 of my device, my xiaomi mi pad is able to send but not receive files. Please help. Tnx
Perfect
Amazing. One of the best games I've ever played.
Yes Just wish someone would put the effort in to make a dirt trackin game for say PS4 lol
Help I reached the elite level but I can't play if any one no how to solve this problem please contact me at this phone number 76663362
The best
Verry interesting This is one of my favorites movie. Thats why i want to play this game.
Cool stuff Love tekken and im dumping poop loads of play store credits into it
Nice one Played all of these series,and this one rocks like other 2,only what missing is multiplayer by me...but overally game is nice and smooth,no heating of my L9P760. 
Ok Good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good
Fantastic app, with the last update I can chose to have tennis as my startup sport.
Super geilauch nach einem Jahr noch Wre voll cool, wenn man sehen knnte, wann der andere spielt oder wann dieser zuletzt online War 
Awesome app BUT This is an awesome app , not as user friendly as a couple others but has benefits of others , this app works great on my droid phone  I use it all the time
Reinstalled and its much better. Installed a few years ago and left a one star review. Reinstalled the new version and it seems much much better. Still needs a test when I go to the UK with no roaming data in a couple of months.
Awesome car's people's Cool cool boy's girls
I love it Even thow I am 14, AND am a doy, this makes me sleep like a baby. . .
Highly addictive This game is fun, easy to play, you level up fast and can earn all sorts of rewards. I can't stop playing it
Bad So i was on a different game and in my noteifactions it said bad am i bad
More more more This expansion is great i dont really mind spending an extra dollar but you devs should add at least a few more firearms updates before releasing another buyable pack
Well game Nice game
Engrossing gameplay and amazing graphics. Very exciting and detailed worlds with amazing colours. The game is definitely worth its price tag 3.49 CAD on sale and is something that should be tried by anyone. Great mobile game.
Word buzz Loads of fun
       
This app is second to none Fantastic for Manchester fan
Nice How do you visit swampys underground adventure
Got unlock everything. It's service is really fuck. But I know to skate and its very typically game. I have completed this today.
Good Game
Nice game Mere ko toh yeh game bohot achha laga
funny so funny when beat japanese people on their own game 
My child adores it
Love it Buy it now as brilliant graphics awesome tricks but add multi player like someone is vector and someone is hunter that will make it more interesting
Flash cards to speed the the learning curve
Jungle monkey Love this game m
Love this game The game is great and looks so much better than on on ios
Good car race Awsome game who loves car driving
Du speed booster A fine application,help us in each   way
Boba fett missions In that world the last level is hard.do you know whybecause a man with a red mask is so strong.also when will the new update or new world come outi finally unlocked boba fett missions world.
Best ever service Got cab in 6 min in night and reached home well. Where as auto asking 200 ola ask 60
Fun Finally a lacrosse game It's fun yet hard. Don't get your hopes too high up and imagine this to be the Madden game of lacrosse, but its still fun.
I love love love love love love lovely thisgame to much you all also try it
Way to go cricbuzz Awsome app. May b its just starting. But its good to see you catching up in indian languages 
Love it. Great game
So cute I just can't help but fall in love with this game it is adorable and I would enjoy if it was on the computer. If I were you I would get this.
2 year old loves it
I found the home  D I heard there's this tree hole and  actually it is  a hole in the mountain I just figured it out  D I wondered about the Multi player mode you guys have been talking about . I wonder  How's it going 
Cool game Awesome I have 17 headshots and I just started
Pretty happy I though it was for all drops just for jays but as soon as there's news about a drop it's up there an u know u can star an fav what drops are comeing out an it will remind u. For them
Mind games pro I love this app. It is challenging and lets you know your weak areas so you can improve them
Nice game So many choices with tile designs along with the many different game layouts. 10 stars it rates
Brill app. Fantastic customer support. save offline download is how big is your men. Card. I have UK NI OS maps offline 1.76 WOW
It works but... Every time I try to use the attack button it freezes, other than that it is a very great game.
Ryleigh Elmo really gave my baby s laugh she laughed so hard when she was sitting down she fell and said ELMO HELP ME It was so funny
Cool Awesome
Brainium Spider game is best Spider game. The controls are outstanding,  it's lightweight,  pretty and fun. My only wish is that it would be nice if the hint and undo buttons were on the table and not buried under a pop up menu.
Beautiful story Really enjoyed it. hope you make more like it
Woot Probably the best phone Game I've ever played by far Mario meets Zelda  My only problem is it's too short
Love it Nice game  I love listening to the juicy fruit getting sliced. My favorite thing about this game is the fruit facts, very interesting.
Astounding app Simply captivating n does not eat up space.......goes on all smart phones Keep developing such games....
Best Ever Works excellent on Note 3 No hiccups.
Good
Its good But how do I make something else
The oyster card app is amazing Very informative , accurate, must for all bus users
Excellent This game reminds me of crash team racing for the ps1 its is brilliant and addictive,  it feels like a proper console game.1010
It's cool It's good but it has one bug,it is messing up when it updates
Update has broke it Was quite angry that it stopped working, feel a right tool now as it was fixed so quick, cheers playto
I love this Game  But ..
Lifesaver Lost almost 35000 pictures after phone servicing LG Android and Diskdigger helped me get back more than half The app is worth the small pricetag  But learn how to root your phone first before using the app. Cheers
I loved it It was fun with a lot of puzzles I got stuck a little bit and that's what made it more fun that the person should search more and think more great game looking forward for more
Very nice but When I play online the match gets cancelled and when somebody adds me as a friend and I check my friends list it says you have no friends.
This is a crazy ben 10 game Awesome game but should add more chapters of story mode and hero time
Love it Guess wht came in the mail today DEEZ MONSTER NUTZ
Simple and Easy Loved it, simple and Easy to use, best dictionary ever. I wish you could keep the antonyms and synonyms of every word.. Thanks again 
I really like it  Its fun but sometimes it gets frustrating when you can't complete the hard levels
Best game The game is very good and they are constantly updating it. Is definitely worth the little bit of money that I spent on it.
Nice app That's awesome. Nothing more
Entertainment success My four year old has played this game for months He loves it.
Let's Create Pottery Love this app. So easy to use. Lets me use my imagination create beautiful pottery. Very relaxing.
I love it This is a game in kids eyes but they learn so much just playing a simple game,
Sweet game
Love it It is amazing install now
Would get a solid 5 stars if. I would change to 5 star rating if it were updated as regularly as there were new sets,  I.e. dragons of tarkir. Please please don't make me refund.  As promised, here are the 5. Thank you very very very much.
Great game My 3 year old grandson loved it. Lots to do in this game. Great value
Best Game Ever this is one of the best game ever. Love to play with my friends.  thanks.. new step
Love It  got  me  a  girlfriend
Good launcher LLoveove the update thank you
Love it I only wish there could be an upgrade with more mini games. Otherwise, I never thought I could learn Japanese characters this quickly.
No problems I've used this app for at least two years on two separate phones and have found it very accurate. I've checked it against several different vehicles and even confirmed an inaccurate speedometer in a company vehicle.
Cannot get enough Not really a fan of this kind of card game, but I freaking love Tekken Card Tournament, it's so simple, but there is still a lot of tactics at play
Davy Cool,fab
Wow more addicting tha. Clash of clans I barely downloaded this gane and wow i never thought they would pull it thru now im so addicted to the gane abd i cant stop playing
Im 11 Just so you know im 11 and these games are beast
Coco's wedding It's wonderful game
The best of its kind Simply the best off road game out there. However it has it flaws... Very few but a couple. The biggest thing is there is never any big updates. 2 add more customization. Great game though and 2 thumbs up
Great App I like this game, but I do wish it had more levels.  And I wish there was another way to get the cheat points beside buying them.  But the game is still good.
Great weather app Nice app, a refreshing company that listens to its customers and follows through with updates and fixes. Thanks for a great app. Keep the updates coming.
Fast, stable and user friendly This paid app version is the best for accessing iracing forum on mobile device. It even directly link you to the last forum post you're following. Great app.
I loved this game When  i will start to play this game when my cellphone. I feel i play in real life
Great app
Great game, feels like playing a board game active development  and great support make this even better
Excellent game for killing time. Number of wins plus other bonuses makes it fun and economical.
Game hay Minh chi biet co 2 cach thang thui ai biet ko chi giao di
Paul77 The problem has been fixed...still the BEST word game out there
Petting zoo Best lil app ever I love the giraffe and alligator.  I love it all. Its well put together I can't stop with the giggles.
Singh is boy High
I got coyotes, it scares them away. Air horn.
Wonderful My sister loves this and she always says, pay bone Or something of the sort
Kallie Ksel
I don't know how to set it up to play more than one suit. I still enjoy playing this game
Coco wedding Omg omg its the best
Best game ever I love the easy one touch controls. I love how you have to try to guess where the pitcher is throwing the ball. You could add some different bats, as a power up for more power. That would be cool.
I love Lawly
Whooo This makes me happy . i heard a really awesome song on YouTube and didn't know what it was so i installed Shazam and it sent me straight to the right song Within temptation  forsaken 5 happy bunny
Super learning app Easy, concise learning app..my 1 y.o son love it...was able to imitate sounds...
Awsome Its cool spongbob games i Love it
After a few updates, this is the best Twitter App I've used I currently own a Galaxy Note 3 and this is a great app to go with the phone. The only thing that it's missing is PocketInstapaper support.
God
This was enjoyable I'm glad this exists, to be honest. I'm a kid, and I kind of like the questions. If you like this kind of this but the original is too... grown up for you, then this is for you
Finally Had this game for Wii about 5 years ago and got rid of my Wii last summer. This game was like 15 on Wii and only 5 on here Freaking awesome So glad I can finally play this gamen again after so long.
Awesome I love Toca Boca games but I want the Apple ipad Toca Boca too on playstore like Toca nature
Luv it great game to pass the time.
Best Racing Game Ever This is the best racing game ever no problem  at all. But there is one missing thing i.e. DRIFTING. If EA add drift racing to it than that would me awesome
Liked it My 4 yearold cousin liked it Thank you for creating this wonderful app
Very good Its the best dozer game I jave come across. Good job creators
Loved it We get to pass Valentine levels.
Galaxy S5 The best one of its category.
Excellent One of the better games out there  quite challenging and addictive.  Simple yet detailed graphics, sound effects make  me smile every time I play, music isn't annoying like some other games. Thank you for an amazing product.
Makes droid better Great app, customer service is top notch with prompt feedback. Makes droid easier to use. Samsung Note 4 on ATT
Long time fan Only downloading and then purchasing in app stuff so you guys get more of my money and make a new one or more games. You are the Nintendo of mobile world and nothing has come close to this since it came out on iPhone 3 years ago.
I love it did is the first time I'm playing piano I love piano perpekto
I  LIKE  THIS  GAME IT  IS  A  GOOD  GAME
Spades game is the best
Love it, I travel a lot and ever since I started playing this, I can kill my time in the plane easily... you can play this game for hours... thanks
It's sooooo cuteeeee My Elly is so cute  more beautiful than my angela
Good App Email backup to yourself if you  need to restore data to a new phone.
WSL Best app forever
It's great It's better since I had in the last time because it wasn't working so I think is good now awesome
Cool I love it D Its not like the other zombie games that lags like hell
Awesome.
Love it Oh man. You should just look at this game. I mean really just look at it
My goddaughter loves it

DLC WORKS 5 Stars
Simple and sweet This game is awesome. Just pick up and go. I love drifting using the helicopter feature, it makes it so much more immersive
Brillant one..... Great tabla sound. Mind blowing App I loved it.......
Jasmine feedback Ok so i love this app. Its great. Im lazy about typing so thats all im saying. Its good app.
Cool Needs more damages
Loved it You should try to the game
Fab fab fab Loved this game. Wasn't too sure what to expect as reviews never seem to live up to the hype for me, but I'm hooked And let me just say this is the first review I have ever even but this game warranted it
Best car game I've played so far It just needs more car and levels
Very nice game... tnx alot...
LOVE IT I love this app so much because my baby cousin always likes to play on my phone and I saw this app and I install it and he said I LOVE THIS APP
Works perfect. As I said works perfectly as long as your internet or wifi is decent.
the wife and I Great game. Would recommend a unlimited setting where you play until everyone is broke with the exception of one person. Great game play seamless on both our devices. Keep up the work. We'll worth the pennies.
This is inspiring I like it
No bugs but still....  Yay no bugs but I have a question why is the bunny not named butter cream  Suger sprinkles is fine but why
Love it Very fun and I can figure things out fast, hard at first but overtime you get how to play the farther the better.
Awsssoooommmmm Get this app
Snakes I think the game is great it really challenging and fun to play but takes some time to get use to as I was use to the Nokia snakes this one is more upgraded but easy to learn whats going to happen next
New version It works How much better can it be
Nice House And nice backyard What a wonderful House  I Love the full version better I like the bedrooms it has 2  bed one bathroom Maya and Jacob love their cousins Lindy and Logan
 
Thank you for your help now i can play it over and over
Neat Wanted something unique, minimal and useful. Very cool.
Good but hard It is really good the only thing is try not to let anyone see
Best cat game out there It's a really good game. I was bouncing off the walls when I found out how to pick up your kitten and prey. Can you make a House Cat simulator That would be awesome.
I like it So nice
Works well. Really great app anymore.
Kutti Gopinathan
Awwwsssooommmeee This game is so cool because now I want to try more food and candies
Gd stuff ...
Game lover Incredible
Fantastic app. I love it, so beautiful
Awesome redesign I think I like it better digital then the board game. Hope they do the expansions
It was great Worth the money
Nice app Good work ... I done my work egley
I am a Word Crack addict Great game.  But I would like to be able to tell if my opponent is using power ups.
Excellent for Samsung Galaxy Note 4 A steady 60 fps mixed with some very nice looking graphics  fast adrenaline pumping action makes this game plausible.
Its a great game. But in my iPad it does not work properly
       
I love it I love it because you can chat with people. I chatted with my dad for the first time and he showed me what he does at his job.
Excellent app A good selecrion of tones and instruments. Sound  Quality is very good. On 'Hold' mode some instruments produce a noise. Over all very good .
Awesome It excellent and deserve 5 star
Have fin I will love when i have a chile aka kid.ir will be so fun. Thank you who made this
Doodle God Highly addictive, with fun  unexected combinations, some of which made me laugh out loud
Superb Awesome... It has cleaned all my junk file of the apps I've forgotten also. Cleaned 1 GB memory of my phone O
THE BEST BY FAR This is hands down the ultimate in billiards, you can view any angle, various degrees, dont look anywhere else, just download it and shutup
BEST TDEFENSE GAME OF ALL TIME We need MORE FIELDRUNNERS games and perhaps maybe some spinoffs A mashupcrossover with angry birds Anyway, this game rocks Fieldrunners  was the very first app store game that I ever played
Extremely excellent app luv it....
Best game by far But I think there should be more buildings,quest and research Thx D
It is very nice and made the Bible story easy.
Rummikub Fun game that makes you think
Children first No child No future
Wonderful game This game is great. I don't usually leave reviews for games, but trust me its worth the money.
Great combo Lobing the style and gameplay not far in tne game but we need more stuff like this Good work SG.
Great Challenge
On wow I love this app,worth the money...and even better..it supports heads up notifications for android lollipop 5.0that's amazing,keep it up,cool I love the new tablet layout,and wow you keep updating it
Good little game Good for learning new vocabulary although in tutor mode it can be frustrating after finding what you think is a great move to discover you could have scored twice as much. No problems with freezing or crashing.
Cgd flak jazz as cm kids SXML no it's  tshirt Cbc nthe dc nhc re hdb see gd
I like it soooooo much Soooooo awesome
Great app. Had this app for a while and I think its great. I have it as a widget on my screen which I update as I need to. Don't have any problems.
Amazing app If I can't get my favorite Jordan's instore, I can always rely on this app to help me locate and buy from legit re sellers The price guide also helps spot over priced sneakers
Pacific Rim It's so good 
Amazing Very enjoyable game . I hope that you will add more levels .
Amazing software I am an iPhone convert who was using GasCubby to track my vehicle. This software meets and exceeds in every way the things I loved about that app. Thank you developers for this amazing app.
Good Actually makes my phone faster
Still on i used mxit 5years ago so today I decided to download it again ...Mxit still the Best
ticket stopper Works like a charm in company vehicle with no speedometer. no speeding tickets for me
Great for Nexus 6 UPDATE That fixed it... now I can't stop playing.  It's more challenging than other Freecell apps I've tried, and I like that I can customize the backdrop too.  I'm a man of my word... I now give this app my highest rating.
Loved it I Love this Solatair, play it all the time Have one I payed for I don't play anymore I enjoy this one so much more. Just wish it would save scores. Have to put up with enough FREE advertising it should
Arria is awsome This is my first time playing this
Good game but it just needs more action.
Love it Great apps for my 5 yr old kid who loves to learn how ti play the piano, 
Great
This is fun
REALLY FUN OMG ONE OF MAH FAV GAMES YET LOL XD
Great fun The interface is good better now than when I first installed it, the puzzles are fun. What's not to like
I love this game very much.I hope many children like it.
Loved it Salana watch your mouth stewey
ram I like this game good I finished all levels waiting for more levels with different graphics thanks
Learning Game Toddler math. I Love the math so much and more.
Thks Good app.
Addicting. I can't believe people are saying all these negative comments. Its addicting, and I love the themes and everything.. Plus, MSP wasnt made for mobile, so be patient. I love this game so much. Keep up the good work...cx
Great job guys Been one of your sales man since your beginnings. Recommend this app to anyone who uses public transport in London.
Love it Fun game i just got it and it is really fun. It is like the version on the computer. I always play it on the computer and they are exactly the same
Ulysse speedometer May God blessed you all.
Just like minecraft Everything's just more scarce.  P.s. dont get planet of cubes, that's a 12 star game.
Best casino game yet been playin for years tryin to find somethin close is hard best payouts and bonuses love it and it just got even better
Great till 2 days ago i can't see the waves anymore from 2 days, what is happening
Excellent
OS maps for this price and the lay over of routes is awesome. Reliable too. Thumbs up
Like So funny.
Awesome,doing a great job. I shot out many query's really very very helpful.
Addictive Good, no qualms
One touch draw This game is difficult but fun
Nice game
Interesting. Challenging enough to keep you interested
Super Cute Super Fun Kinda easy finish the whole game kinda fast. But I enjoyed it I like that you didn't have to buy stuff with real money or add a Facebook friends to advance. I hope they create more levels because this RPG was AWESOME
Great app Luv the layout.
This is so far the best andriod game ever.
My daughter loved this game but except this , all other games of to a toca Boca are only allowed to be downloaded if we pay money .  I pay but the games is getting crashed.
It's co. But if it weren't glitchy
Great game This game was introduced by a friend. Really love this game. Sometimes lags but still manageable although it doesnt bother me. Other than that keep up the great work 
EasyPeasy A must have app for sharing in a second. To developer 1. please add support for Windows  Mac. 2. Make hotspot name more meaningful, a kind of host name related things. 3. Create a favorable icon for this great app 
Matt Splatt Makes me wanna draw somethin
SPIDERCALIFRAGALISTICEXPIALIDOCIOUS The MOST ENGROSSING offonline android game I've got thus far Smooth, exciting gameplay and various dayweekly challenges. Never a dull moment
Suprr
Logic was really good Enjoyed the game. Finished campaign made quickly though
Stop I can't put this game down . Poor battery doesn't stand a chance . Loads of fun 
Good
Works great Get the upgraded cards
Simply awesome Please help me stop playing
Great app Everything u want about the ipl 8 you will get it there..
Good game I can play it but i wish it didn't have stats it keeps on making erase data and i already found a hidden level but i didn't get the hidden level achievement. Why  
Stop judging It bc y'all phone is mest up bc this app works just fine for my phone
Sand This game is fun and enjoyable for chidren
Stuck on level 7 and 8
Fantastic I really don't know why I waited so long to purchase this device. A fantastic device on its own but the beaming to TV makes this a great and much more useful component.
Superb one Love it...a small game holds us to sit for long hours .....addicted to it.....superbly done....nice game
Why i cant see all odds
Great game This is the best game on android Cool graphics and music, loads of challenging objectives to accomplish and lots of players, boards and tracks to unlock. Fave game
Educational Most games that require knowledge can be boring but this is interesting, uptodate and fun. There are a few wrong facts I've come across, such as one saying no women have ever been to space, many have but other than that it's amazing.
Awesome I beat it And whats more awesome is...when i searched markiplier, this app came up D
Asus zenfone 2 Its awesome..like the story and good gameplay too..
Good job. Now i know how to drive hahah...can you add more vehicles on the street and some people. So bored to play a very lonely city..but i really love your game..congrats guys
Awesome Game I cannot stop playing this game. It is absolutely awesome. The graphics are fantastic and the game itself is very fun to play. I recommend it to everybody
Cool Wonderful
Excellent My son loves it
I like it. I didn't expect that i bought such a beautiful game for 75p. Good story,good soundtrack , immersing graphic.I spend good time on this game.
Love Bombay
Best game ever I love every thing about this game     Great find.
Great Hands down, one of the best solitaire games out there.
Thinkrolls is awesome I love thinkrolls 2 because it has awesome puzzles
My son goes crazy for this app. He loves it .
Challenging and a lot of fun too
Ulysses speedometer Best and easiest to use out there
Awesome But needs and option to delete single pages from a notebook and to select certain parts of the text to e.g. Copy or delete it and also more options for the shapes, especially more colours. Perfect for the rest thumbsup
Awesome I a girl bye the way
awesome my one year old son loves it
awesome but could be better This game is awesome However I have a request for the developer Could you not make a onoff switch for the 'raining star' effect, it pretty annoys me Thanks
Great but... It's a great game. There are a few bugs though. Most minor but otherwise totally fine. I wish that there was a way to switch guns andor save ammo, even if you could only save ammo in horde.
Wow Very useful...in other file managers ..we cannot delete files and don't copy paste our data but it is very interesting file manager p
So much like the original Love this game. I was worried that it would be different to the original but I'm happy to report that it's just as fun as the original except it now fits in my pocket I might be addicted now.
Just great Really easy to use and totally absorbing.  You can play at your own pace and there are no inapp purchases and no annoying ads.  Thanks guys.
Soooooooooooooooooo cool You get to do so many fun games.
Like it So many of your favorite games on here. You will like it
Awesome The only thing I hate is, ones you hit yes for child mode you can't take it back.  What's up with that
its really one of my favourite game
Awesome Great game
Amazing game, just wish there was more levels, it gets repetitive after you beat it
Brilliant I trust it completely to choose the quickest way to get to work.  Workes every time. I tried other sat navs but this is the best.
 Creative  cute. Design your own dollsbeasts with stickers, googly eyes and paint. Don't forget to take a shot of your favourites before sending them off to the toy store
Ottimo Mancava un programma cos in italiano
I loved it But it is very hard
Great Does the job very well
Fun game I can spend hours on this app and good and every thing on its good and the food looks real. But I wish you could cook stuff with each other. but still  O
Good Game Love this Game. Good upgrades, good vehicle and good area.
Wow...Just...Wow This game is amazing
Coin push Addictive and fun
Do you like Trains If No, You don't want to have fun then... Dr. Sheldon Cooper
It is so fun I love the brothers kratt
Great game Just like Xbox or ps3 edition I am just hoping you make black ops 2 zombies... Hint. Hint. 
The game is boss but there is a lot of bugs u need to fix like seriously it would glitch and zoom me foward and  stop the game when I'm in the middle of playing it will just pause. And it's not my phone because all my other games work just fine
It's a great app Really like this app. Easy and fast.  Good to know that my phone is safe.  I already loaded it to my wife's phone and I have recommended it to everyone I know.
Super loved it Its amazing...this game is so easy...when longer its become difficult
So much fun And so much time spent playing this. My wife and I played this for the entire flight from Hawaii to Australia and back. Even a bit while we were there. Get it. It's worth it.
Trivia Best trivia game out there...wish you didn't have to play real people all the time. Love to play computer to.
Awesome Most useful app good one
Tic  tac  toe It is very  challenging  and I  love  challenges. It is  also  very good  to play  when  we are  bored.  It is  really  nice just  try it out. 
Nice game It need 2 be updated on iphone on ma iphone 6 it is not uptaded
1987 Finish the game then go in custom night then make it say 1987 then click ready So scary Try it, it really works Ok in real buisness this game is scary and fun and has sooooo much potential I definitely give it 5 stars.
Don't pay to remove ads There's not a lot of knots here but there's important ones and there is no use in paying to remove the ads for 4.00
Pretty good You can search for lesser known artists like Edgar Allen Poets and SJ Tucker, or go with a lot of main stream music like Children of Bodom and All That Remains. Save tracks you like in a playlist and like and follow different artists.
Awesome game Love, love, love this game The ads are annoying, but overall it's a great game
Awesome Game My 2 year old loves this game so much he will bring my phone to me sit in my lap and activate the game all by himself. Thank you for creating a simple and fun game to teach hand eye coordination
Much love For all things vlamby
This puzzle is very good for Americans it's not too British heavy
Cool app
Good I like it
Great game I don't normally play games like this but I decided to play spidey and love it.it's freaking addicting lol.
Perfect app After the latest update it is again working as it should.
Definitely helps me Great app for keeping busy and sharp
Really great This app can answer what I want to note.
Love Like
Great app So far has been very accurate.  Drives the wife crazy cause she doesn't like cruise control so she gets gentle reminders when she is too far over the limit.
Its the most fun word game
Great I love this app it works almost every time, it just needs a high frequency listening device, so it can pick up the faintest noise of music
Passed my learners today 20150608after using this app
Fantastic icons This is one of the best icon packs available  clean and beautiful design with great attention to detail.
Love it THIS IS THE BEST GAME FOR FASHION DESIGNER LIKE ME
Best game ever But I didn't really like how you pay to play secshions
So fun One time I hurt my leg in basketball but my coach told me to get right back into that fun game thats waiting for you
Its  cool game ever Keep doing what you doing... Your awesome love it.... Doing another game to... Y'all cool... I don't know what to say... Awesome
I loved the story. The puzzles were all diffrent. The whole games was drawn out well I actually got to play for more than most games go for
Lego juniors  qwest This game is so nice and awsam
Loved it But it gets boring
Great game for motorsport lovers Only thing is cars could be indicated by small car like symbols itself instead of these dots
BAM BAM POW 
Great Great game but gotta add more or make it free because once you do it its not that fun
So much freedom This is such a fun and polished space experience. Closest thing there is to 2D Kerbals. Requires patience because most of the fun stuff there is to do is really difficult.
Cool I loved it
Its toooogood Fantabulys
Still loving it Still fun to play after all this time
Lots of fun. Would like the ability to zoom in and add more detail. But still a blast trying to interpret all the squiggles.
Bikram Its really very nice.. i expend my free time with this game. I like this game.
Good...
SIMPLY THE BEST the best by far im a professional drummer and i have used these to practice and love this app thank you guys.LUV ONE
FANTASTIC Awesome game NO TIMER It is the best scrabble type game available...... It never freezes, very little ads and it saves game without limits Couldn't be happier
I love this game so much and my only issue is how you have to buy all the stuff if you want to play longer periods of time but that's not gonna change so 5 
Even without online The game is still badass. More times than not i prefer terraria over MCPE. I just wish online play came with some sort of explanation. Like how it even works
Amazing I love all the TV shows and I love this game
Its really good stories not just for toddlers  but for everyone
Perfect Perfect app for recording calls, simple, easy to use, and clear audio.
Dr. Panda Always excellent. Dr. Panda  are so good I've purchased them on multiple platforms.
Love I love this game
FUNtastic My daughter love this app..
Challenging Game
Ram Kaur It's very very easy . I liked this game
Great My 4 year old loves it. She loves the different dinos and the animation and sounds they make. Please add more dinos.
One of my fav
Luv in it
My son loves it It works great on our tablet. Since installing it is all he has played. Watching him use it, it looks good and is easy for him to follow the instructions.
Perfect Really useful app for a trip to NYC, I found myself using it all day, I really wouldn't have survived if it wasn't for this app.
Amazing The best drum app ever
One of the best solitaire games I've played Great game. Lots of options. For me its all about the free cell.
AWESOME IT IS AWESOME
I like this, very much
Great app Very nice . My kids love it so much. They r having fun with it...
  
Happy skier So far has worked great. Was very interested with the information provided and I liked being a leader to go back at the end of the day to see where I have skied.
Love them Super    They are very cute
I love   it It is   great  it is super  duper fun
Excellent game Really super game for kids. I love it. Pls release the other game also
Lol been so long since i played I got rusty Nicely made makes u think before u act
Thanks This game is tight just one more thing please add names
Another unique set of icons from PhunktasticDesigns. Amazing attention to detail just look at the care that went into the shadows A must buy.
WorstBest app ever It is the worst because it is so boring but the best of it is helpful for any use
Chess Free Truly the best on Android. Great graphics, help, ranking. Never any problems. Good, regular updates.
Talking tom This game is very fun but his voice is annoying i love watching they episodes they are funny him and angela
Love Carcassone And the add ons
Its a good game love it Thay need more land and the energy runs out to fast
Now I can. Make Freddy fazbear's pizza without being Chica
I so much like it, its very efficient and never let you down Fola  ogunyoku
Love it Cool
Despite the downloading needed to add this, the satisfaction you'll get from knowing the entertainments are there is worth the bandwidth
More Free Song
Kyla saka I like to play these games because it's very fun
Too much This was unbelievable today I played 36 missions at a time so cool and I defeated overlod twice
Really good Works perfect on my old htc desire,you're doing a great job. Really worth buying.on the  long way to ocd
Loving it but am stuck on where to get the flag
Hmm... Addictive. Always worked well on my other phone so I'm trying it out again...sucks I gotta start over tho.
Ladoraka Labatak
The first thing you install after you root I've had HD2 with android, the One S and now the One and with this app, battery life was never an issue. Get it, set it and forget it....
OMG ACTUALLY WORKS Rate 5 STARS EVERY TIME YOU RATE GUYS AND GALS BEST PROTECTION EVER...  MY FACEBOOK AND 2 OTHER APPS HAD NO SECURITY , GOT THIS APP AND NOW SECURITY IS ON THESE APPS. PLEASE DOWNLOAD PEOPLE I'M NOT CRAZY.
ppl wont get key from under the doormat, done it in past game now it just keeps sayin confused  sees key Also, no bugs r appearing anymore  HTC evo
Loved it So cool love it
Best U should take the fertilizer tank out of the blue Ford.
Jazz Loved this app its really great
This game looks awesome I didn't even play it yet but looks amazingIr
This game is incrible I all reddy got the free one
Dumb ways to die Although on my phone Sony Xperia E the game is very  slow but that is due to the horrendous phone, the game is fantastic on I'm assuming any oother device lt3 lt3
Cleopatra Keno lt3 Good version.
An easy. Drive Easier to use
Its fun Its fun but i hate it when they dont like the juice i give them but i stil love it soo bring more people then we talk again.        D.  P.    BUT LOL IT'S FUNNY
Spectacular I've been a wwe fan since I was 3.And it's been so cool for the wwe company to have non stop wwe games coming out especially this game
My 11 month old loves it He has a fascination with all things musical... and cats So we have a blast with this app
Beautiful The best of train sim fans of all time The best game i evr had... Please add track changing ....and also introduce it on the great INDIAN RAILWAYS please please please
Nice This is my best game I love it
Amazing I love the game my hole family loves it it's also adorable. I bet so many people have downloaded it.
This waoh My baby love this app so much
Amazing I usually don't have enough space to download stuff but now i can download almost every thing Thank you
It's absolutely works It just works. Exactly as it should.... Always
AMAZING One of my favorite games. I love it I used to play it on my other tablet,  but it died to death,  so I redownloaded it on my new one,  and it's AWESOME
My thumb gets sore from playing so much I have FINALLY found a slots game with great graphics, pays BIG bonuses and is just plain fun Thanks guys, keep up the good work. Two thumbs up
Unbelievable The best word search game ever It's fast and fun best wishes to the developers for making a great game God Bless
Joy Seem less app, the most fun you can have with comics and a phone..
Great game for bikers Enjoyed playing with this game. Sad I can't do the tricks on real life. Hahaha
Very easy to use. Love the characters
Great company. I provide a car, and they basically take care of the rest. RelayRides protects and supports both renter and the person with the vehicle. They make it a simple process.
Every cell phone If you need to improve battery life this app does it.
Animal sound for baby Big help for growing babys Improving intellectual, attitude.
Mega heart2 Mega heart2 slot is Excellent Games and win for a True money you get this on Google Google play and the Smartworld like LG ,Samsung Galaxy
Samsung galaxy s4 Super rolig app helt klart pris vrd
This game is awsome This game is great but if I were to change one thing I would take out the ads after every quarter it gets annoying and starts the play on its own
Excellent My 2 year old daughter absolutely loves this game. I could do without so many ads though
Lovely game Its good some people don't like it why its very good games for kids
Too easy I'm a wwe master fan so don't be suprised
NEED FOR freaking SPEED no telling why they call it need for speed
dont have a clue my son and nethew didint have a clue what to do  by the way so crappy make  iy a bit easyer
AAA mobile game One of the most fun mobile games in, well, ever. BUY IT NOW You won't regret it.
Love it I played thus game ever since it was on the game websites and its still number one
Ms Have dreadlock coffee colour african
Jayamaha It is  so amazing game
Spoiler Alex is a spoiler
Excellent watch face Accurate and extremely functional. Has everything you need to know about your weather time and day. Works seamlessly with my Samsung Galaxy s4 and my LG G Watch.
Addictive Fantastic app of a great board game
With offline mode back i give 5 stars back
Issue was fixed back to five Love this game and their support is high class to
Loved it taught them so much and was so much fun
Sooo good Heard about it on the Jeff Rubin Jeff Rubin podcast.. Good stuff
I like the game but I don't like all the pop ups of other games
AWESOME I play it all the time on my computer so i can have it on my tablet now
Great graphics great fun Not too stressful, beautiful graphics, plenty of nostalgia. The perfect sequel for the old game.
Football 2015 Greatest game ever played by anyone
Good, mostly. I agree with Therese Gabiana. I can't go to the other persons world. When I try to my tablet shuts off, then goes to the Main Menu. Plus, it takes 200years for it to go to the game Please make an update for those things
I love it it amazing It a great game now I can play zombies everywhere but I would like to play multiplayer online so u can connect from far away not just on WiFi
Works perfectly Have tried a couple of other apps which didn't quite seem to work properly, but this one is great. Records both sides of the phonecall in good quality and allows you to add notes etc.
Fabulous Fun, educational and so helpful explaining little kids house chores.
Great Excellent, basic online chess game.
V Good Friday,
Great app. Simple and easy to use. Fast and easy access to everything on your account, profile, car detail etc... love it
Yassssss I loooved it
A master app which helps you grow mentally
Very very fun A lovely addictive game with great levels. Would have loved to have more options on the kinds of nets though
I like this game I like this game because its for my friend ella
lt3 Metal
Must Have App I love this App. It provides such accurate and relevant weather information. If your a serious storm chaser or just love to know what's going on weather wise. This Is a must have App. Great Job..
Absolutely made my vacation Great great app
So much fun It makes you think. There's always more to it than you realize. Makes you learn new words too. Only freezes when my WiFi connection is bad. Other than that it runs perfectly.
Alezza, message for aleeza This is good so just shut up aleeza I think your being a liar and trying to make this app look bad so NOBODY LISTEN TO ALEEZA TH I A IS A GREAT APP U SHOULD GET IT
Awesome This game is beter than the original one. I struggled to complete stages but with this game you just have to take your time and think before you make your move....
I LIKE THE GAME ITS FUN I THINK ITS FUN AND I LOVE ALL THE THINGS YOU CAN RUDE MY FAVORITE IS THE PROFIT BIRD THATS AT LEAST MY OPINION OF THE GAME
Piano It is so fun if you want a game that can never lose you attention this is it
Incredible My child loves this app. She's having fun  learning at the same time.
Zenfone 5 It's really help me to locate my direction
Very clean and simple. My go to app when I have time to burn.
Best cricket game. It is easy to make 237 runs in 10  overs but impossible to make 240 runs. Plzz extend overs to 20.
Worldcup Its very interesting and addictive game totaly i like it......
Great  cognitive  skills game I had a head Injury this spring and the one  of the things things the surgeon's said to get better after surgery  was play these cognitive  games. Thanks for helping  me  heal
We LOVE this app My son is 2 now but has been playing this since he was 1.  It's taught him shapes, colors, animals, counting hand eye coordination, you name it If you are looking for a good I mean great educational game, this is the one
AWESOME No one can get in my phone
Not perfect but lots of fun It doesn't get it right all the time but does quite an amazing job. Helping me to learn Spanish
Now Start your Environment Test Skills foo k This is a Rock n Race app i need a sponsor A hit me up k
Good My daughter love this tnx
Good
I LOVE IT I think it's cool and amazing. Get this game it's pretty cool and like I said it's amazing.
I love it and can you make a cat craft pls pls
Poker  live Good little game if you are a true player of the game
Best. Game. Ever. It's so fun and addictive Plus you can play it to kill time. Five stars
Awesome
Good talking It's good to be able to talk with family and have no hassle to talk as long as you want . I have nothing to complain about this app.
Awesome Great layout, this is amazing.
Have had hours of fun with this app
Absolutely love it Great sound quality My little one loves it A must have
Jenny Love all the angry bird games
Sushi Love this game I especially like that there's sushi now
Just had it for 2 days but so far I think it's great. Don't have to wait forever for someone make the first pick in the draft.
Yeah This is the best game ever
Great This app is one of the best for the game of call break.
Gotta have it The free version is great, but this one unleash more creativity and lots of more features, for the price, is a bargain. Thanks for creating such a fun an didactic app for my kids.
It makes me feel relakes
Nice gamg Please up date level 3
Great interactive storybook featuring Thomas My godson loves Thomas and I love the fact that he can enjoy his favorite character in the form of as book he can read again and again.
Who ho I was recording the game for my YouTube channel and everything went smooth as silk. Loves it. I works on my tablet 10.1 and on the other Samsung Mobile
Piano I can make my own music band sounds
  
Best ballistic calculator ever.
Best game EVER I love this game before I was playing fnaf2 It scared me pretty bad lol then I went on this its very calming
not just for kids so I'm 14 and I have a passion for cute things. i thought that since i had an android, i couldn't get many apps. but the toca boca apps are adorable and they work rly well on my phone lt3
Interesting Really amazing app to entertain yourself. Never thought such app can provide real instrument feeling. Love it. Thanks developers to introduce such interesting app.
Best alarm in the market You will not go wrong with this app
Amazing tools ever know Dont miss it
Great app  I've got my elderly parents addicted  fantastic way to hone their tablet skills as very late adopters
very good note pad app Really like it but would like to have a landscape and portrait option
Omg I feel old I played this game so much on addicting games when I was 17  Lol very simple but fun also the stick figure stories were fun as well . Like the one when he was a secret agent or something.
Super cool Love this app reaaally very much. It's really very useful and also fun. Loved it
Good Good
Great and simple I love how simple it is. Just the game, no sparkling popping crazyness. Best part i can put it down and continue later
Bath Time Well we should help an alligator who wants to be clean so passing all the levels will have to be a success
Nursery  rhymes Old mcdonald
Very comfortable and fast UI. Please add customisable AI difficulty levels.
Works great on my 2005 mazda tribute and 2013 dodge caravan
Love this game thank you guys...
Addicted Love it. Wish there would be more levels.
Die ears die
Fun Game Very immersive game with great graphics and excellent graphics. Only complaint is it doesn't save to Google.
Whooooooooooooo What a wonderful experience driving the small toy truck , good graphics,nice places and excellent controls.WHAT a game
Beautiful game Just wish it was longer. More like this please
Love this app for my 3 year old
5 bravo
Superb Just add the feature of watching the videos in the YouTube app or at least the option of watching it full screen from within your app itself.
Review Wish there were more, but otherwise great
Really good apps
Ooh what a game xxx Because I am a tranny I got a semi boner over playing this game
I LOVE IT This is so perfect and adorable, love at first sight.
Does it well
Amazing Don't think that this is a really boring game about burning stuff because even though that's what you do, there are combo puzzles which get progressively harder. I love the art work from world of goo and I'm sure you'll like the art too
It's remind me my childhood...I love it
Superbbbbbbbb Great treasure of GK....... But I want some changes that after quitting correct ans of question should be given
Animal Hair Salon I think it is the best way to know how to cut your pet's hair.
  ,   ,      ....             . D
18 month old daughter loves it
Great app Even with your new hidden menu buttons my daughter can still swipe the menu and keeps closing the game. If you can work out a pin lock or something that would be better.
What a Musical instrument Very impressive when I first play the Real Guitar.  Everyone must try this amazing app.  Hi, Developer, ur all are great. I like the Real Drum as well. Thank u so much
Motorola xoom Very very good game. Good story. Not too tough, not too easy. No glitches and the bonus chapter was a nice addition.
I enjoy this app, it does have its glitchs but all in all very much appreciated It has a few glitches, but its enjoyable
Beautiful app Cool graphics and nice childhood songs, brings back good memories
Heads Up This is the best game ever and I am only 10 years old it is really entertaining you should try it it is really cool and it is a great games for kids  Wow  If you like to have fun this is definitely the game for you
I now love fishing I love this game..it is such a simple idea but it was presented so perfectly..one of the highest quality games in the millions of junk in the store..I had to literally FISH it out
Best Podcast Player Clean, easy to use interface. Keeps my podcasts synced across all my devices and is frequently updated to address any bugs in the application. Developer is amazing and change logs are hilarious Keep up the great work.
Wish we didn't have to wait for spades to be broken to lead a spade. Also wish they had the 'bid 10 makes 200 pts'. Other than that, I love everything
Jainyiah wright The first time I was just  playing this game it was great to see this game
Good Family game My family loves to play this while waiting for food at a restaurant.  It's customizable so we can pick the tasks that aren't to hard for the youngest in our crew.
Jess Super fun to play at dinner with the kids..
Very funny how much I ordered the world of pure imagination is coming over tonight you
The lost city What a great game lots of backwards and forwards but that's all part of the story.
Helps to contact It really helps to contact with frndz cousns and family... but it consume our time .... we r going addict on it ... .. but i control it bfr it control me....
Best Jesus christ bless the person who is reading here now...say AMEN
Awesome game Kindly add some more extra features like track change, more stations, shunting yards etc so that it make still realistic. BTB wonderful game and nice job guys...
Great app. Lots of features, nice and easy to use interface, involved developer, backups to the cloud, reasonable price. Better location detection, a desktop or web interface, automatic cloud sync would be a bonus.
Perfect I can easily find any and identification .Very nice app .....but sometimes its booring
Fun Fun game it has great graphics and runs very smoothly , reminds my of when is used to play arcade machines .
It is so Gooooooooooooooooooooooooooood
Fun to play And pass time, not. Like old time slots.
Awesome Nice game...and very interesting
Just profile Had an issue recovering profile but it was fixed.  Great game,  if I could give 10 stars I would
Cool I love it
Fun, Addicting and Exciting Game and Music The music is fun, upbeat or down right catchy. The game is not always easy but it's fun because of that. The graphics are amazing and original and so is the story. Only wish there were more characters
Is it real Somebody please reply  is it real.
My sister loves this app
love it i get the trick i can teally trick someone and it can actually work for an lock because no one but i know the trick
Just Plain Love it Nothing else to say about this game for being to awesome
love it m
Best game but some issues to stuck game for a while otherwise excellent.
Owned over a year. Great solitaire games
Amazing I am having it since my childhood. Excellent app. It works superbly
My son he loves to play with this game Education
Really needed this I've been looking for some app to customize my phone and this is perfect I lo e this app
For Abcd2 This is for abcd2 i like dance movie  varun dhawan so i give five stars
Functionality Plus Bought the full version right after trying out Crossword Lite because it just plain works. I had tried out other crossword apps that were just  ridiculous. This one delivers. Thanks chaps
Emile Mediocre makes the best games on the play store. This is no different.  
Harika ok gzel
Superb Fun with learning
Awesome, but... I  it but its not fair because we can't do, lemon, orange, cherry,raspberry, blueberry and plum.But it's AMAZING
The best dog control ever  It would be nice if u can breed and get pack together so when your dog get old that pup can take it over the pack but this game is addicted
Simple
Nice Game I Like It
Finally... All it's working well
Awesome
Better than the rest It is amazing  if you liked the first two then buy this. my trick is use the sticky hand and the ball and chain
Very good game It is very good because you get to do things that make you responsible.
You say it, you get it. A large collection of what you want to learn or test. It has different languages, vocabulary and much more along with general knowledge content.
Good app Plays well. Smooth. No crashing or issues.
Do u No
Freecell Good design for a phone screen, cards are easy to see and the auto play is fast and intuitive.
Checkers Its pretty hard at first... Then u start seeing how to make patterns and start looking several steps ahead and you get the hang of it REALLY QUICK
Kicksonfire Best app for shoes I love it
Haven't played Haven't played it yet but i guess it's  great sorry i'm going to play it now bye
Suggestions I want you to update it so then there is a farm and horses and you can ride them and do compotiotions
Amazing Cool funny fun difficult enjoyable
Perfect App For Sports Lover ... Loved This App... But Need Some Improvement In Video Playing Option.... Apart from This... App Deserve 5 Star
Slower than most browsers but ad free  Username  wstsydryda
Such an amazing game...... now give me my 2500.
Nice Add more damages
Brilliant port of the original  Played the original series since 2000 and this version daily. Some FC's here and there, but has not stopped me from topping a 50k score.
Very good Very good jungle adventures...
Like it
Now that the M points are back it's worth playing
Old Vegas Style Slots Love these slots, brings back memories and the payout is really good.  Loads of fun and entertaining. Great game
Great Easy to use  and starts up really quickly to provide enjoyable game. One of the best apps I've come across.
Good game Lots of levels, good game play, good music, decent sounds. But the best part of this game is it doesn't require any special permissions
Love the app. Tried the free app and decided to get the paid app. Thanks for saving my rear more than once. Definitely worth the paid version.  Keep up the great work. Everyone should have this app
Just like hill climb but better Its a really fun  challenging game but takes a bit to get use to so dont give up. Once you get the hang of things its fun  easy but challenging trying to beat your best score
Great app pays well and saves you real money
Awesome Brilliant stuff, one of the best.
Just love the app. It should b free.
I have a lot of time with it I love it
Billing issue fixed Thank you so much for fixing in app purchases So happy
Awsome It is a very good game i figured out that when you turn the camra around you can take s picture of your face you can make a necklace  by making  it bigger or smaller and you can flip them upside down.
Nice application Good
Cool Amazing
Cool Game Its fun to play when you have to sit and wait.
As someone who only knows the basics of blackjack, this app really helped me understand the game.  I liked the helpful tips too Fantastic app for beginners looking to learn to play like the pros
It's a keeper Even with all the crashes frustrating, I LOVE this game Quick question, I updated today on Google Play to 1.8.8. Why does my game still say 1.8.7.24 Crashes are more frequent...
Aubrey.Penningvodamail.co.za Great for planning your day in advance .Aubrey Penning
Weather Great app you have a lot of options to play with.
love it....its sooo fun beating japanese people at their own game
Animoca Loved this type of game so much. Excellent for passing time. Also installed My Car Salon 2. The spin is another way to earn the gold coins, no need to use your real money. I bought the Doraemon in less than a week. Try it yourself.
makgood awerlo
The one thing I don't like is the drill wisp i makes you miss some of the cakes in the birthday level
Nice game This game looks pretty
Sooooo much fun
Used to be 1 star It was working, then it stopped. Now it's working like a charm
Addicted.  Totally. It's simple enough to pick up and put down whenever, but challenging enough to keep you hooked  and the levels are designed with just the right growth in difficulty.  I don't play games on my phone often, but this is a keeper.
Goed en genotvol
Tekken I dont trust this one.
Its easy to play A very good game is like this.No hardness.A 2 12 years old kid xqn also play this game.Its very cool for Android and IPHONE. With no space
Panchtantra in Hindi good app very usefull
Amazing It brings me back to my favorite childhood books chose your own adventure. First day and already addicted
Perfect I wish there were a petstore but its awesome
pics quiz great to pass time, some  are really hard and make you think I think that is a good thing. Only problem is it stops responding at times.
Easy way to kill time This game is a lot of fun and a great way till those times that you are stuck waiting.
Real fun and accurate. Fun way to see your local weather.
Great game It was a great game but its just not scary I played the first one so much and then this one so much I just know when I'm gonna get scared but I loved it, it is still fun to play
My son loves it and he is learning more and more
Awesome I've played for 30 seconds. What an adorable game. So so fun as well. Well worth the free
Highly addictive. Well worth the one dollar  payment.
This app is so user friendly for all to use.  Its great for when a weather event takes place, due to the constant updates being so much earlier than bom, etc.  Great app HSC, highly recommend it.
Accurate Rating Excellent chess game that accurately gauges your chess rating
Great except latest update Since you brought back a truing option with the latest update,  5 stars Thank you
Shiva the time bender Simply awesome
Best free cell game available I've wasted a large portion of my recent life playing this game. It has none of the irritating lack of features that the competition have and believe me when I say that I've tried them all. Great version of this game.
Awesome This app is good for my   little cousin
Wonderful graphics good and best stylish pieces and board
Nice app I got to know a lot of pipol be cause of dis app.. D
Dr Panda's Mailman Cool this will be so fun
It is what I have been looking for My daughter loves the somgs and the stories... The cartoon characters too Thank you for making this one
Awesome game bt how do u beat that big dude with that huge light post he just keep on steeping on my plant
Bollywood is lik a chapter fr me which I have to read evry day. .
Pointless Really challenges you with the questions brillant
Number 1. It's working, here's ur fifth star... Thank u so much...
Folder option required I have about 40 downloaded books. There is no way to arrange them. Please provide some folder or other options to arrange the books as per my preference.
Love it Guys this game is just amazing  I love this game this game functions are very nice and very good I love this game I hope you all will install this amazing game
This is good for littles ones I just got it but I went through it and I know my 2 year old will love this app he likes learning and when he wakes up from his nap I will show him it and I kno he's gonna love it good app to learn
Monster legends I love this game so much
Very cool This game is very cool i liked it alot
Best Ever application
Great help Makes me win
Cool This is a good game really challenging but great
Good    better Best
What is with you people Its not a game people it's an interactive comic. If you're a fan you will download. For a comic lover its a great download.
I am going to play it
This is my first app I m buying in Google play.. To be frank I used to put crack for all paid app. But for this I don't even think of searching for crack.. I loved the app so I just bought it. Please keep up the quality by providing frequent updates
Very much for the time
Awsome Best drumset there is Install Try it Love it Rate 5 it
Big fan Dont really play apps on my phone but i bought it just to support what you guys are doing atay awesome
Good game Just as good as the version on my laptop.
Love the app Favourite part is when it tells me when sites get restocks, really helps getting  for retail
Nice....now I can beat my lil bro And get them jjjjssssssbefore him
Great tool This is truly a great tool for making your way around NYC and Manhattan in particular
Jacky Zoci I like this game and it's 3d feature makes it better
Love Spanish This app has a fabulous way of teaching, so great, really enjoy it
I love this game so much
One of ix reasons to love dragon quest. Now to patiently wait for dqvii...
Beast quest I love this game  Right amount of diffaculty ,keep up the good work
Love it Just downloaded. It. Tonight the graphics are amazing addicting games very fun can kill off a lot of hours when your bored
Best game Awesome game best 1.99 I ever spent
My sister loved this game It isbso
Great I like it lots yes there was teething troubles but well thought out an enjoyable.... The updates have helped...still enjoying this game keep up the good work guys
Love it I just love it it's a very cool game its amazing and its way and its just a very cool game I love it
The age of wanning Awsomes better than clash of clans
Excellent This game is excellent. I think people should get this game.
Great. Before the update it was not even letting me enter the game, but i finally can after the update.
I luv nicki minaj so much I luv nicki minaj and all her songs I know all of them and only high school pound the alarm anaconda and super bass I just want her to make a nicki minaj hollywood game like kim kardashians one
Good game but Add commentry 2 . Correct spelling 3. Please add 90 overs in a day in test matches  4.and day test match
Brilliant With a baby on the way this is exactly what i was looking for to document it's life
The best
Guess the brand Loved it more then any other game. Some brands are hard but I don't care.
Lol finished it first try Didn't even realise it   It took me about a  1 minute xD .... Lfmao  Anyway great game....
Good
i love games like this. simple and fun im a sucker for 8 bit niche rpgs. this is a keeper.
Works well Works as promised and the developer was quick to answer my question.
Amazing I spent hours on the original then Dragon Warrior on NES. Nice to see the exact same game with upgraded graphics and sounds. My,buddy and I got in trouble trying to skip thanksgiving dinner one year trying to level up.
yas
My Puppy Sooo cute
It's really good I love it just make an update so it keeps repeating the tune too not just the beat otherwise it's awsome
Baby games My brother enjoys every game
Addictive Great fun, very addictive, hard to stop playing. Lots of time wasted trying to beat friends.
Useful and good looking. Reminds me when I need to maintain things. Keeps interesting records. Icon design is fantastic. May be turning me OCD.
Excellent Beautifully designed game. Simple elements that focus attention on the puzzle. Hoping for more sequels.
Add character customisation It's great just I want to customize my character that's one thing that's such a bore its not fun with no customizing your character so plz add that and I'll change it from 4 stars to 5 stars
Really a very good game........ Everythings great about it except sometimes the game gets hanged while playing and lose all the xp you earn,is what disinterest me...otherwise its awesome with easy controls.........
Love it Best td by far. I always come back to them.
Love it For people who wants cheats use debug mode by doing no save file pick sonic tap on all 4 sega letters when the opening shows swipe 2 fingers moment of truth hope it works then bam debug mode
Better then any 4,000 add on navigation package for your car. Just make sure your car has blue tooth.
Epic This is the best app EVER
Great Challenging but oh so fun My family and I love to play this together Fun on the go,  by yourself, with friends, or family. Have had no issues with it  overall 5 star great game
I love it,my kids play it
The kids love it Both of my younger kids love all the Dr. Panda games.  Best of all, it keeps my daughter still and content while I brush her hair. Bonus
Love it oh my gosh I love it because its a hunger game
Love It I got the other what if but it was  to inappropriate  so I was lucky enough to find this version and I saw what you did with the questions you just use the same ones but make them appropriate  for kids
Best Game Ever Pretty coll,nice graphics and good gameplay. Nothing could be better than this.
Love it I love anime and this app gives you alot to choose
Yasssssssssss I saw a friend play this on an iphone and ive been waiting to play forever and its finally here This game is pretty dope. Wont lie. I give the O G 5 stars
GALAXY TAB 3 Runs smooth and is super fun some engine noise differences would be nice but none the less 5 stars.
Great as always Toca boca apps in general are great and this one is well made too.  it is enjoyable, humorous but more importantly, easy to use for kids. doesn't require reading and no ads or inapp purchases annoyances.
Blend sounds
Root Checker Pro on Razr Awesome app
Consigliata Grande App
I love this app. This is the best comic reader around. Recent fix on crash and hang issue has been great. But page turning is a pain now.
Our little girl loves this app. Going to buy more
I am on there daily Good app
So far, no complaints. Love the updates.
Great app Must have...new update is really good
Amen
Love it But,you guys should make other my playhome games like my playhome pool,my playhome post office or,my playhome amusement park if would be awesome if you guys did this
I do love this game  it's in all of my tablets  I am downloading it in this one too  I will recommend everyone to download it.          Riddhi Khilnani
Great app My 4 12 month old loves this app keeps him well entertained he grabs at the animals and giggles at the noises great app for babies through to 3yrs
I love this application
love love beat down
Its great U can can talk to three other ppl  da same time
Something's fishy Used to work,now it doesnt ,it keeps saying error in a top right corner         editthey fixed the error
I like it
Weather forecast Local weather
Awesomeness Keeping it
JUST ONE THING TO DO... In meet a stranger we need opposite gender person. Male for female and female for male. I'm getting only male person in this. Try to do something about it if you can...
Perfect app The best flashcard app for android systems. Note that it also saves the packs locally for offline learning if you at least open it once while connected to the Internet. Easier to use the web for creating and arranging cards, though.
COOL This Spokane is really financial nd it's so cool for a rainy day... me an my sister play it all the time when were just bored or it's a late night and no one feeling quite sleepy yet..it's very fun and I think that everyone should download it.
Payout is very slow.
Love it use it twice 3 times a week Love to see the uploads of others catch
Great game Lol in the description it says it has over 100 M downloads but it only has 50 M
Good Use it
Wonderful The app is well designed.. Efficient and works nice on low Internet speed too.  A unique way to connect to the business world and improve your network
Super Wonderful game full time pass
Amazing AWESOME This game is great much better than the free one the only thing that is bad about it is you don't get the reptiles you need to pay 79p for them not a bad price but I thought you got all of the animals but it is still AWESOME
Amazing This game is awesome, it works perfect, and also it's a very good and fun game Also very nice graphics, and controls of the car too This is better than Real Racing 3
My 3years old nephew was really love playing this kind of game..he was so amazed when he play..and so much fun to him... So that when I ask him how many star he want to give.. He ask 5star for my new game...
Great game Wonderful play, interesting, good AI, and I keep coming back for another game. One of best game geek apps I've played.
Turbo dismount Love it plz make a turbo dismount 2 where you do not have to pay for the veilcles but increase the prices for the maps
Awesome I loved the game I wish it you could put more cool games like this on AWESOME THANK YOU
Brilliant My one year old loves this
Loved it I can't pass the bear with a hat who is he
A worthy successor to 10,000,000 Same old gameplay but massively expanded upon. Highly recommended for fans of match 3 and simple base building games.
Thank you for sharing I give it 5 its very good.
Loved it Great time pass
Loved it till after the last update.. Now it has a lot of glitches in the last 5 levels. Can't even play. Fix them and I will give it a 5..
Great game... Love cohesiveness of game... Love all background, love the  of options, etc   my favorite version of mahjong
Drum set Good game
Works great I love this app.  I can give it 5 stars and stop buying physical books that clutter up the house
Great Love it and want more from them
Somu
This game is fuck without fun waste of time and memory fuck fuck
The greats mobiletablet game. This is better than playing a console game with safety of the Google cloud backup. This game is a most play at any price. It's 50 off, now
Awesome An app I just can't live with without
Great game................................... I like this game very much because I have not played this game ever.
If there was big daddy v and am lee Andrew affected urge have faced no no no no no
Fun and challenging This app is worth purchasing. I tried the Lite version completely before forking the money. It is difficult without being discouraging.
Best game ever just got to get glitches fixed update fixed few but added few more
Premium is worth it Posted a review on the free version, and premium is well worth it. Truly an indispensable app for long car rides. Recent updates add great customization options.
Good 1 Like it... No issues like limited time or no. of moves....till level 38... I haven't played beyond that.
Addictive Addictive, been playing for nearly 4 years and the addiction is getting worse. Gameplay is flawless, adverts are fine, just wait for the 'X' and enjoy.
Excellent This app has improved so much since it first started out. It is my only method of scoring games as a coach now. Aand i have stats going back several seasons so i can see how players have improved. Keep up the good work
Great Plays great on my Nvidia Shield Tablet
Addicted Had to get the paid version.  Hate the ads.  I've been playing for a long time, and it hasn't gotten old yet.
Excellext My kids love this game.  Have it installed on several different phones and tablets.  Have not had a single problem.
Best comic app
Nice Great game
Wolf craft Gooooood
hanging  ilove  all
Awesome It helps me to get answers  to many unsolved puzzles....guides me in the best way in personal and social life. It is a sin if you have seen this app in play store and didn't give a try. Keep going developers. Best of luck.
Awesome
wasted commands but.. best game
Awesome app My 4 he old loves this It keeps her entertained and she is also learning to be more creative. The only problem is trying to get my phone back. Oh well
All u h8terz that say the game too hard and not too buy stop. Ur just mad cause u cant do it. It really is a great game I beat it. 5 starz
I love it The best
Great
This is amazing train Ilove 3d in a train or lrta or mrt
Great application Easy to use and professionally designed
Awesome game Love the multiplayer, everything is awesome. Cons awful optimatization, using too much data. Small bugs, but it's fine. Reduce data usage please.
Worth every penny Best art tool available
Has potential. Good game, has a lot of potential, I'd really love to see you continue to update this game more creo, more moves, maybe some balance tweaking, and some expansions Also fullscreen and more responsive
Have had it since day one apple and Samsung.  23 is doing a great job.
Amazing Playing PC almost like in VR.  In my case Im having some issues with the sensors of my Jiayu S3, but it seems to be a hardware issue with this phone.  Anyway, Im enjoying a lot playing Halflife again inVR
I love this game but since up date have had nothing but trouble would love to see a better way to get more power ups
Loved this one. Keeps your attention which caused me to stay up late playing it. If you're into challenges play this one. Good luck
AMAZING This game keeps me entertained for so long. I love the fact that you have many different animals. This game is amazing and so are the other toca boca games
Probably best mobile game to date. Worth every penny
Playable now, and very enjoyable I can now download extra content, so it's all good. The game is excellent.
Can't complain
Good but... My screen keeps going black and crashing
The money is hard to come by. Getting the cash is a lot of work n when you get it, it's just to little. It is a great game though
It. Is, a. ,great. ,flashlight. ,and very. ,handy  really. Handy. If  you ain't  got. It please get. The. Flashlight it. Is really. Handy The,  Flashlight it. ,is. GreatA.A.A.
Love it but need more  Update the game we need more than 9 rooms and thank you for the awesome game
I love this great app. Thanks developers to create such a great app. I love this app it is a magic to see earn credits and userfriendly interface I loved it. This idea is best to win free mobile recharge.
Love it so much My daughter loves playing this, she loves the turtle's little tounge
Amazing It was fun playing the game You could make many creations,and creating is funIf you love to create, this is a good game for you
Panchtantra in Hindi nice and cool best panchantra in hindi app.really amazing
Love this version as well.
Bob Cool game.
Great app, great dev Now shut up and take my money
Excellent Very good app for selfservice.
Talking  tom I love it because he is pretty  and when I slap him he gets knocked out .
Panda slots Great
Pretty good Only thing is it made me realize how much i suck. I can't even beat lvl 1 difficulty i have to play on practice.
Love this app Amazing app, have used it for years and it's still the best app I've used for tracking  I'm very happy with it and it impresses everyone I show
Great An improvement from last year, far more challenging. Good job
Great game but... Just found the manual save feature. Totally hooked on this sim.
The best Get this blackjack app and you won't need another
Amazing Sick
Good Good experience
Very, very helpful my girls just love it and me too. Keep up the good work guys and girls
Awesome This game is do good and takes time to play. So if you have time to waste then this is your game
Very good Excellent
Best game ever other people are copy cat's nouthink better love it  all likely likely love IT lochley best game just best game
I agree You should listen to Angelina Corbin and..... others that say add more shops and stores
Love it Now my sister won't find out my password. Neither my mom or dad or my brother because  only i know the password.
Great I love itIt works perfect, they believe I'm calling someone D
Good
This app is like the best game ever if you ever give a speech on this app u should give it five stars l love it and I am a girl I am an my dads tablet I am the little girl in the picture
Great simple idea I love it, the new calibration feature makes it a lot easierfairer although it may just be covering up my lack of rhythm p
Super Dooper I really enjoyed this app can be easily played with any songs like real.
I definitely give this game five stars I  this game Fun for all ages D
Numbers My little girl loved it and learn her numbers really good thank for putting it in xxxxxxx
Love it This is great compass with lots of cool features like the camera view and the coordinates right on the screen.
Fun Awesomely inventive
Love it I love all of the egghead apps I just wish this one had more puzzles to buy
I love it but it would be better if u can make a cartoon character out of a pic of your self
Awesome pack Keep up the good work.
Amazing It works and its simple...no bullshit
Its awesome I love making up characters like BIG SIS.
Fantastic  game Have played all these games and LOVE them Please hurry and create more mystical nice games like this.
Great UI, well written game. I spend hours on it
Great game I am enjoying my time playing this game
This is the best free chest game that I've seen so far.  I like the 3D animation ....
Amazing game It's a super game It's working perfectly on my phone Samsung Galaxy S3
This is awesome game I loved it, can impure our memory
Favorite phone game Love this game
My jetpack profile is safe Was a pain to get working on one phone but that's Sony's. Excellent app. Very happy.
Blood brothers 2 Well crafted keeps u very entertained....carful can be addicting....one small problem need more ways to build on your commanders or more research abilitys
Really good game.NEXT UPDATE. If u want too thoe u have to add car packs so we can purchase with real money
The nest is hard to find... For anyone who can't find the nest it is in a hole in the side of the tree, its a small ish hole and its hard to see but if you look closely you should be able to see it
Luv Luv Luv Luv Luv Luv..... I love it It's awesome  It's one of ma Family's favorites
No better game to play if u wanna make some cakes. I love it
Loving It I'm an anime fan , and I have tried drawing manga. This has helped me improve so much Thanks
Great game
Great app Ads not bad and the tile lay outs are great. One of the best mahjong games.  It's a must have.  Trying it
Amazing
Very very nice and net
Super oscer Its great
Easy to use grocery list Nicely design with no  bells and whistles
copyrighted game
Fave game Mohjong is my favorite Chinese game. And I'm pro because it's so addictive
BamWhat I AM A MASTER AT GAMES AND THIS APP I RULE
This is the best game ever It is the best past time game ever and I am not sure but I think it sharpens your dances because you have to stay alert. Not the best game to play before  you go to bed but really good during the day
Needs some upkeep Backing up phone data leads to imminent failure, and there is still no interface for GPU controls, even now in KitKat. Reviewed on a LG Optimus 4x running CyanogenMod 11 Android 4.4.2.
Very different This game is one of kind and very interesting. I think that you will enjoy it. If you like to stack pancakes. Lol
ABC Come on play songs..
No one player option, it'll be more fun if online option can be included, and less power usage that's great, thanks for the developers.Creates lot of fun with friends
Great I'm regularly impressed by all of AI Factory's games. Gin Rummy is another fine one
Great This is a great on Nvidia shield tablet so far great choice of games pool,snooker and more and play online well worth the money hope there will be updates
love it
Awesome This is a great game I'm not taking away stars for this but it took a long time to download
Slotstreasure island VIP Best pirate slot. Great pictures. I LIKE THE STYLE
Incomparable Sky's the limit unless your not rooted'. Even if your not rooted it's extremely valuable.
The best Best game ever I be twelve clocking that three wheeler tho
Love it Hey guys I am a brony and I LOVE this game But its really hard to despell the darkness it gets expensive and can u make shining armours cost less plz and can't wait for crystal empire update
Houston  we have a problem. Beware the aftermath of updates.  Great game except when it crashes.
Loved it My 5year old  daughter really in too this game
Awesome Awesome game some glitches but nice game keep it up I think u should make fish Simulator.
Just perfect Wow, this is what I want far better than all the paid ones. May God bless the developer
I've played it before and it is It has good songs works fine all of that stuff
Unexpected When I got to know this game I thought It would be boring but it wasn't so you should play.
Fantastic The only recorder you are going to need. Ever.
